"What does \""to task\"" mean?"
What is this group called?
Which group?
Why don't you just come out and say the NRA?
How many people is a small number?
What does this mean? Are you referring to NRA administration or orthers?
So can people drink while they are handling the guns?
Why does this matter?
What does this license have to do with gun carrying members of the NRA?
Is he important?
What are black powder guns?
What are these?
Is this all gun supporters or just NRA members? Where are the statistics to support this claim?
Why is the United States concerned about Ebola?
What are the protocols?
What are these protocols and what do they entail?
Who will run these screening plans?
Which date did this happen?
How long would this take?
Who will provide the medical expertise to develop these protocols?
Why werent details provided?
Will this apply to every other country outside the US?
Who is the administration official?
How long is shortly?
WHat are the other options?
Which nasty microbes?
What is a nasty microbe?
how does silver kill microbes? 
How long has this been known?
silver like the metal?
What is a superbug?
"How does it help burn victims, since it only has anti-germ properties?"
how does it combat?
What companies?
What companies are conducting these activities?
Why is it happening now when consumerism has been around since the 50s?
What unit of measure determines this?
can it be observed?
What type of weather would scrub a shuttle launch?
how is the weather? 
What type of weather would cause a launch to be abandoned? 
Where is it raining?
why was the rain relentless? 
How heavy is considered relentless?
Who was Dennis Jenkins?
Why was Dennis at the scrap yard?
Who is/was Dennis Jenkins?
why did he surveyed the scrap yard? 
How much space do you need to be able to launch a shuttle? 
Where was this box found?
Why was the box full of keyboards and wires?
Why isn't this a complete sentence?
why was the box overflowing? 
how big was the box? 
What caused the cabinets to tip on their sides?
why did they tipped on they side? 
Why were they tipped on their sides? 
"If so many Americans are unemployed or underemployed, then how come so many employers are unable to find qualified candidates for open positions?"
In what what way are the candidates not qualified?
Why can't they find these employees?
What shortcomings in education and workforce development are widening the skills gap?
how big is the gap?
How and why is the education and workforce systems coming up short?
What are the specific shortcomings?
how can it be changed?
Why is it assumed that these workers cannot gain skills in a timely manner?
What is the evidence to support this statement?
"What attempts to fix our skills gap have been made by policymakers, educators and administrators?"
who pigeonholed it?
How did this happen and why is it that others are not responsible?
What can the private sector do to handle the skills gap?
How are these people contributing to the solution?
Who is Ralph Nader?
"Why is this term, orginal geek, being used to describe Ralph Nader?"
What about him says that?
What does a geek look like?
Consumer advocate for what?
Why is he considered old?
Why is he so far behind?
What does it look like?
Does he not see the value?
Does everyone need a cellphone?
What does that even mean?
Who is that?
who was alberta currie?
How old is she?\n
Who are her great grandparents?
Where is the farmhouse located and how much acreage is it? 
Why don't they have the same last name? How do we know this is her mother?
what is a midwife?
how difficult was they birth during this time?
How old is Willie Pearl?
Was there any significant issues during birth?
Was the midwife also a slave?
Who wrote the birth announcement?
families had bibles?
how did they reported the child with the name and age and the parents? 
Are all live births required to have a birth certificate now?
What was the date and day of the birth?
What is she running for? 
When was this written?
how old is she now?
can't she get another type of documentation?
What is the date and day of today?
Does this include her driver's license or identity card?
What is the law?
do all states require this?
how can she get an id without a birth certificate?
What is the name of the new law?
"Can it be an ID from another state, as long as it contains the information required?"
How was the French government handling the situation beforehand?
Why do these fractures exist?
How will they teach these children?
Why are radicals carrying out terror attacks?
How does teaching secular values heal religious fractures?
What happened?
Why do these areas have differing values than the whole nation?
How does the prime minister define these troubled surburbs?
"What are the baluesthat bind the nation, and why specifically are they lacking in these \""banlieues\""?"
Why are these values absent?
"Why are France's poorest in these neighborhoods that are \""troubled\""?"
How much of the population of these neighborhoods are foreign versus not?
Were there representatives from all political parties at this meeting?
What made it special?
How are schools the essential link to passing French values?
What is the public school system in France? 
What do they mean by 'relatively'?
Which countries specifically are located in these areas?
Why has Ebola only appeared in isolated and rural areas?
same meaning as flame out?
Which borders are these?
Which countries specifically?
Which countries?
"Which \""global\"" countries has Ebola reached?"
what year was this?
What does it mean to quash the virus?
is this a geographical area?
Wouldn't the other 30% of patients continue spreading the virus?
did it end up being a calamity?
Which agency did this?
What are the constraints on the intelligence gathering operations?
Which top senator?
Why did he decline to discuss it?
Were these all US allies? 
What storm? Is this actually a nationwide issue?
Why did it show no sign of abating?
Which disclosures?  Spying on allies?
Didn't the author state that there was spying on US allies?
Why is it bruising ties with some of the closest allies?
Where is he now after this disclosure?
What are the legal loopholes that have led to the 'epidemic' of fake service dog certificates?
How many fake service-dog certificates have been issued?
What constitutes a shady internet business?
Like for blind people?
"Why is this creating an issue? What is the problem with many, many people that own service dog certificates?"
An organization for the disabled?
How many members does Canine Companions for Independce have?
When was the petition by Canine Companions for Independence launched?
Is this company a reputable source?
Can we see the petition? What were the results of their submission to the US DOJ?
What actions could the DOJ take?
On which website?
How many businesses are selling harnesses and vests for service dogs?
What does unscrupulous mean?
What does CCI stand for?
What can airlines do the reduce the fraudulant use of service vests and harnesses?
Where is the national headquarters of CCI?
How often? Are there statistics to validate this claim?
What's wrong with removing the service animal vest? 
"What is a \""toy\"" breed of dog?"
What makes these rocks special?
Which planetary scientists?
"Why do scientists have to risk a geologist on Mars to study \""by hand\"" when they can collect rocks and bring them back to earth using a rover?"
What happens to these rocks during this fall?
How do we know that these meterorites come from Mars?
What kind of damage do they sustain?
What is vital about the ability to study the meteorites up-close?
Why does age of the rocks matter?
Don't scientists use carbon dating as a means to confirm how old something is?
Why can't geologists agree how old the rocks are? 
Why are they unable to agree on the ages?
How are age of meteorites estimated?
Why do estimates differ?  Are different processes to estimate age the same sample producing varying results? 
Would examining the rocks by hand on Mars put these age estimate conflicts to rest?
Where is the North Coast of California? 
What are the specific reasons that it would have this effect?
what is a ripple effect?
How do earthquakes cause tsunamis?
What does this damage specifically consist of? Businesses? Homes? Infrastructure?
"What would be damaged, since its sparsely populated"
How large is a giant tsunami
Why are they isolated?
What is the numer of coastal towns
Aren't some coastal towns in California on cliffs?
Why would these people perish? Because of lack of notice or for other reasons?
"Where did the number 10,000 come from?"
how would they get notice?
Why is there no method of sensing an earthquake earlier than 15 minutes
Why is there no preparedness for this tragedy
Which scientists?
What scientists published this fact?
what is cascadia?
What publication what this published in
Why are they not monitoring this fault system closely
How are fast-food establishments not paying what workers are legally owed?
How does a desire for a higher minimum wage relate to companies failing to pay what it currently legally owed?
how is stilling the wages and why? 
what is the umbrella meaning?
What states?
Is a hefty statement a legal term?
Which three states?
how is it posssible for a employer to still from the workers wage? 
at which restaurant?
Was this rally about this issue?
why does mcdonalds always pay under the employess minimum wage? 
Who are the corporate spokesmen?
how is this if mcdonallds pay under minimum wage? 
what does the policy say?
Why is there hardly a reason to take the green line to the park?
What is the Green Line? 
Why isn't there a reason to take the CTA's Green Line?
What DOES it have to offer?
What has made this region so dilapidated?
What happened to the customers?
Why don't the businesses beckon customers anymore?
How could the landscape change?
What makes it possible?
How could the landscapes change?
What hopes do they have?
What are the other reasons the city is being considered a front-runner?
Who are the observers?
Why does she have strong ties to Chicago?
Why do they Obama will do this?
Why is the Obama's ties to the city only a part of the reason it's the front-runner?
Is this because Obama has ties to Hawaii?
What connection do these cities have to the Obamas?
Why did the spinning wheels stop humming?
What does this mean?
Why are they relocating?
Why were the Carolinas the epicenter of the US textile industry?
What emerging markets? Isn't the textile industry a market all on its own?
FOr how long were they epicenter?
In the US or outside of it? Or both?
Where else did they go?
WHy brazil? the forests?
Why is it ironic that China is looking to manufacture in the US?
Do you have statistics to verify this claim? 
Why is it ironic?
Thy does the video say appears to have been striking his then-fiance?
So it's not actually clear if he hit her?
Is it Rice and Palmer in the video or not?
Did the Baltimore Ravens cover this info up? Why was it shown only by TMZ?
Who through the first punch?
Who hit the other first?
How hard did she hit him before he hit her? 
So he was provoked? What caused the fight?
Why was there no security there to help Palmer?
Why was he dragging her?
Why didn't they look at the video before reaching a decision?
Do they not understand it's clear that they knew about it? 
"So they don't deny that it happened, just that they've seen it?"
Rarely visited what? 
Where is this festival located?
Whose families unite here?
How far away does her daughter live?
Is the Spring Festival an important holiday?
Where does her daughter live?
What does this have to do with the festival?
How did her husband die?
What does modest mean in this context?
Which meals does she eat?
what about weekends.
"If she is satisfied with the company she keeps, why did the article begin with mentioning someone who rarely visited?"
Why does her voice taper off?
Where is the location for this society?
What is the number?
Which society?
What does this mean?
How far back does this tradition go?
"How would the children treat them? Just feed, entertain, etc, or does this include nursing, etc?"
Is that a popular song?
What is considered moderate in Iran.
Where were they dancing at?
Can the president not stop this behavior?
Who is the criticism from?
What social media platform did they use?
How long was the sentence?
Did he try to help?
How old were the people arrested?
How were they trying to spread happiness by dancing?
He uses social media?
Do most countries have leaders with social media?
What did they tweet say?
How did it seem to address the issue if he didn't mention it at all?
Which people?
What do people smoke after eating?
"How much is 'many'...more than 20...more than 200,000?"
How many people smoke?
Who is Lindell Harvey?
Who is Lindell Harvey?
Hasn't what?
Who is Lidell Harvey and why is this person significant?
Why doesn't he have food?
How is Harvey able to afford to smoke but not to buy inexpensive foods?
What is the poverty line?
"Is his disability to a level that prevents him from obtaining food, or is it only a financial problem?"
What is the poverty line in his area?
What are Newports?
What are Newports?
Why does he spend money on cigarettes instead of food?
What history is being destroyed?
How exactly is history affected by corrosion and decay?
What are the elements?
what is meant by this?
What was in the time capsule?
Why were excavators in Boston given time capsules?
was it raining?
Why isn't this ceremony or anything like it in history books?
Who is this? Why do they have a lab?
for what are the violet botton dwelling known for? 
"What are the violet bottom-dwelling, prickle-backed spheres in the tank in Gretchen Hofmann’s lab known for?"
What is ocean acidification?
How is this happening?
How would evolution rescue this issue?
to what do sea urchings adapt? 
how will it rescue?
How exactly are fossil-fuel emissions disrupting marine life currently? 
Why are sea urchins known as hedgehogs of the sea?
What is a peppered moth and what does it have to do with resilience?
how do the embody nature's resilince? 
what are these?
How are sea urchins resilient? 
Why are Darwin's finches being compared to sea urchins?
What is a souring sea?
How are these creatures expected to evolve?
why are they threatened by the souring seas? 
what are souring seas?
How do plants and animals threatened by souring seas adjust to fossil fuel emissions or evolve? 
Are we talking about the people that studies these creatures or the creatures themselves?
why do they look wired? 
is this the right word?
Who is the researcher?
Who was the researcher? When was this study done?
Who hosts the program?
How do summer jobs programs cut the rate of violent crime?
How much is the rate of violent crime cut with teenagers that have summer jobs?
How can anyone know that the program cut violent crime and not another factor like being watched by staff while at the camp? 
What youths? Where are we talking about here?
Why then was the rate of violent crime decreased?
What other things were teenagers doing instead of violent crimes?
How is this known?
Did pay play a role in the study? What was the pay? What were the hours?
Why did it occur during that time?
How many teenagers were randomly chosen?
Did this effect continue years later? 
What journal is this? Is this a reputable source for teenage delinquency?
What were the findings?
How are the families considered to be lower-income?
Why are odd things on the menu?
What kind of Thai food?
Why is there Thai food in Mexico?
How do they make the red curry?
Why isn't it weird that there's Thai food in Mexico?
Who is the chef?
What is the relationship between the first restaurant mentioned and Limba restaurant?
"Why do they carry these foods, though?"
Why are there Thai restaurants in an area that sounds Italian?
Were these restaurants successful?
"Why just list these two countries, specifically?"
What does the author mean by high alert?
another missile test?
What caused this string of threats from Kim Jong-un?
What threats were made?
How new is the leader?
why is he threatening?
How likely is it that the North Koreans would launch an attack on the U.S.?
What is this claim based on?
how many people live there?
What was the threat?
How did North Korea threaten Japan and South Korea?
who is america more friendly with?
Does this mean that news of the confict is spreading?  Is support for the residents is increasing or support for the federal wildlife agency is increasing?
Which specific agency?
Is it the fight that is spreading like wildfire or the frogs and toads?
What mountain?
Would land owners have restricted access to their own property?  Would access to public land be restricted?
Which people in particular (from what areas)?   How many?  Is this a popular opinion?
How would the economy be damaged?
In what ways will the economy be devastated?
Why are forests not being shut down?
From which agency?  Are these leaders from the same federal wildlife agency or are they local?
Who are the leaders to which this is referring?
What month is it?
Who is this and why is person remarkable?
Why did she hesitate in sending an email to the school?
What was she pausing from doing?
Why did she send the email?
What was she doing that required a pause?
Why wouldn't she make it in time?
Does she mean to campus in time for classes to start?
Why is a protest unorthodox?
Why is it unorthodox and risky?
What does a protest have to do with her going to class?
Why is the struggle not outlined here? What are the struggles?
Where in Colorado?
Where are the residents located?
Where in Colorado?
What types of recovery efforts were used?
What caused the flood?
What communities were isolated by the flood?
Governor who?
Why isn't this a complete sentence?
Why is this a sentence?
Bracing for what?
How was she killed?
how many homes were destroyed?
How could she probably be killed?
How did Erin Argylian study this sediment?
How were the holes discovered?
Why is it named this?
Why is this issue difficult to solve?
What distinquishes this as something that is new?
has she been studying a long time?
How are these holes particularly dangerous?
Why are all these people taking an interest in these holes?
How often are these holes appearing?
Is this different from the GPS devices we use on a daily basis?
is that considered a lot?
What anomalies can be traced through these technologies?
Why are they going to close the whole mountain indefinitely?
are they the authorities?
Will the park remain closed until the mystery is solved?
What is the National Mall?
what kind of people?
Where is the National Mall?
What was the March on Washington?
why does this matter?
Who were the people addressing the crowd?
What was the provision?
WHat is this title mean?
What was the provision and why was it so important?
beaten by who?
What specifically were they protesting?
Were they beaten without provocation?
What was the date? Why is this ambiguous?
Will the man’s land count as income?
Who is the man calling?
Who is the man calling?
Who is the man calling and what is their relevance?
Can a legal immigrant sign up for a state health plan onlin?
Who is she asking?
Who is she asking?
What are steps for a broker to become certified to sell insurance coverage.
What type of coverage does he want to sell?
"What, in detail, is the coverage that the broker is wanting to sell?"
When was Connecticut’s insurance exchange established?
What is the relevance here?
What city is this located in?
why are these states magnetic?
Why are these states more appealing for Americans?
Which states?
Why is this?
Which other states?
"Earlier in the article, didn't the author state California and New York were responsible for the growth?"
Does being a popular tourist destination make immigrants more likely to arrive?
Are the statistics previously mentioned actual numbers or just estimates?
which recession?
Who are the scholars?
Which scholars?
which signs were those?
What metrics are used to determine recovery?
Why only feeble signs of recovery?
What were they making a stand about?
Against who? For what reason?
Who are these people? What is the timeframe here?
Why is this a controversial issue?
Where will they sleep?
Why didn't they stop the convoy?
why did they have this?
Were they not able to complete the human chain?
What activists? Where are they from?
Is load the correct word here?
Who was arrested? The mothers? Elders?
What does this type of dog look like?
who is he?
What does this profession do?
What kind of tasks does an evolutionary geneticist fulfill? 
how is he measuring?
how did he come up with the name?
How long does one wish their pet live?
What is a mortality curve?
How would they shift these curves?
how could he do that?
Who are his colleagues?
How would Ebola be a disruption to the African Cup?
what is this word?
Why are sports being played in an area with a known epidemic?
how eboloa would affect the soccer game? 
Why are these games under scrutiny?
Is this a country?
Why is Sierra Leone under scrutiny for this choice? Shouldn't more locations follow suit?
why would they not host soccer matches? 
Why is the request only for the first game?
WHich city is it played?
how are they confirmed ebola?
Why is this the only zone they are scared by?
is everyone scared or just them?
Who makes up this demographic?
What is a grass roots movement?
What is an inspiring grass-roots movement? Why?
Where are people getting this 'nonsense'?
How old are they then?
Who told these people this nonsense? Why?
Where do you all collectively work?
Why are John Schmitt and Janelle Jones significant?
How did they show this?
How do they do this at work?
How will it provide insight?
How does a dog's behavior equate to human disorders like autism?
why autism?
How does this relate to developmental problems?
What makes this individual an expert in this area of research?
which year?
How are these dogs picked for this research study?
meaning the dog is brown?
Does the breed have any relation to the task?
What kind of environment does this consist of?
"Is this true, even though dogs don't go to school and the like? "
how so can it teach?
Do human children exhibit similar symptoms as adults with developmental disorders?
How exactly is that possible if we can't communicate directly with dogs? 
How has Santos come to this conclusion and is there any validity to this?
Record numbers in terms of high or low?
Why this year is considered brutal for California sea lion?
Why is it brutal if there are many strandings?
Which beaches?
How many show up exactly?
why was it alarming?
Why is their growth stunted?
Why did Shawn Johnson said that their growth is stunted?
Is this due to being isolated or because there are no fish to eat?
Why are these animals starved to death?
Are other marine lives in danger? Why is this happening?
who else is in trouble?
How did they treat these animals?
How many sea lions were treated last month?
Is it just rovers?  How do they get there?
When was the first rover built?
Have we sent rovers anywhere else?
What is a rover?
Which scientists?
Where are these colonies?  Why is a rover needed?
Why are the penguins hard to study?
Is there something unique about this new rover?
How are rovers used to explore penguins?
How will it operate?  How does the rover sneak around?
What type of penguin?
Which birds?
Does this journal have empirical evidence to support this fact?
Why should humans stay out of the way when studying animals?
Do the animals stay stressed out after a long duration of time has passed by of them being observed by humans?
What does this mean?
How do humans stress out the creatures?
Why did Jason Borders collect such objects?
Who is Jason Borders and what is important about him?
Why does he have such a fascination and tendency to collect bones? 
Is that the name of the subdivision or the actual house?
Why were people interested in buying his work?
Which galleries?
In what type of galleries do Borders designs hang?
Who is buying bone designs for such high prices? 
Does he carve or draw on them?
"Does his wife think it's weird that her husband collects bones for a living, and what kinds of social adjustments has she had to make because of this? "
Was he invited to come?
Is Borders a painter?
What type of work do these local artists sell? Bones?
What intrigued her about Borders' work?
Why is it significant that a suggestion from Bob Morgan influence the shop owner to show Borders' work?
What about Bob Morgan's suggestion to her made her decide to show Borders' work.
Why? What kind of code?
What is this person's relation to the topic? Are they an expert or what is the connection?
What does speak in code mean?
"Who is Maura Cunningham, and why are they important?"
what is this event?
Why not mention them?
is it well known?
is that clever?
In what way is this presence taking place? Wire taps?
Why is there a state security apparatus?
Why are there censors?
"What is the \""game\""?"
What game is being played?
What does cat-and-mouse mean?
what game is it then?
Which hospital?
"What type of mummy is it, a ghost, a real mummy, a person dressed up as a mummy?"
"What was he rolling on, skates, skateboard, or wheelchair?"
Which hospital was the event at?
How did the mummy roll down the hallway?
Why would a mummy be freely rolling in the hallways?
How did the mummy end up inside a hospital and not inside a museum?
What state are the remains in?
"Why is a 3,000 year old body receiving a CAT scan?"
Why a CAT scan and not some other type of imaging?
scan for what reason?
How did archaeologists know Amen-Nestawy-Nakht used to be a priest?
"What can a CAT scan tell scientists about a 3,000 year old body?"
What is it?
How could the mummy have received a first CAT scan?
What year is being referenced?
What level of technology was available decades ago?
What has changed in CAT scan technology since then?
his last cat scan?
Why did he receive a CAT scan a couple decades ago and what will a second one reveal?
Which art museum?
What university are the doctors from?
What is the name of the Art Museum?
What is the name of the University where the doctors are from?
What are the specialties of the doctors referred to in this article.
Why are they interested in his cause of death?
did it work?
How do art museum officials differ from researchers or archaeologists?
How will this CAT scan provide new information to university doctors?
"Why were the Chinese tourists in Cabazon, California?"
"Why were they buying high-end clothing, shoes, and bags?"
Did they already have the high-end clothing or were they going to buy it after they bought the luggage?
Why specifically Cabazon?
where in california is it located?
Why not Guoshing Cui and what is this referring to exactly?
Why aren't they?
Why was he rushing to get to the Coach store?
Why did he buy three expensive bags?
Why the coach store specifically?
How did he get so much money?
why does he have so much money?
Why are they so much more expensive in China?
why is it more expensive in guangzhou?
What was the misinformation?  Did people believe not enough information was being disclosed or incomplete information was being shared?
What spending cuts are being referred to?  Why is this considered a tragedy?
How was the public being misinformed about the crisis?
Why were they blaming spending cuts for the unfolding tragedy?
Who was complaining and blaming?
How was the public being misinformed by the Obama administration?
Why are the credentials of the political appointee considered flimsy?
Who confirmed his medical credentials were flimsy?
In what ways were the White House respones more political than responsible?
Who are you referring to?
Who is the political fix-it man?
What are the medical credentialsof the Ebola czar?
"Why are the health administrators being accused of \""dropping the ball\""?"
Who's hour of need was it?
How did these firms drop the ball?
What were the deadly consequences?
Why has the coordination been described as poor?
How did they allocate the resources?  What caused the poor coordination for the agencies?
How is the coordination poor between the agencies?
Why is Ron Morgan determined to make it work?
What is this project and what is the purpose of it?
What types of vegetable seedlings?
Why is he so determined?
Why did the idea come to Morgan after an earthquake?
How did Morgan expect to design the shelters?
What initially inspired him to become an architect?
What type of training was it? College?
Why did Morgan think food production was a greater need?
Why did he see greater need for food production than shelter?
What convinced him of this idea?
Why do ocean waves get in the way?
Which scientists?
how do the waves get in the way?
How to ocean waves get in the way of earthquakes?
How do the waves get in the way?
How do they listen?
wouldn't the bigger waves sound different?
What are seismic waves?
how do they simulate the earthquake with the waves?
How do they do this specifically?
when what hits?
Why would it be stronger in LA?
What does this mean?
What kinds of materials does this basin consist of?
What is a syndicate manager?
What is a senior note?
What are Senior notes?
What does priced at par mean?
What does priced at par mean?
What is a basis point?
What does puttable mean?
What are basis points and what do they do?
What does puttable back mean?
What does this rating mean?
What is Single-A-1?
What is Single-A?
What is the non-callable issue?
Whats does single-A-1 mean?
What does single single-A mean?
What does non-callable mean?
What are debentures?
What are debentures?
What is a debentures?
Why were prices skidding in the commodity end?
Why were prices skidding in the chemical industry?
How much did the profits of the chemical industry decrease?
How had inventory cutting been happening?
Who produces commodity chemicals?
What is behind the inventory cutting by buyers?
Why were the buyers cutting inventory?
what are those?
Why did commodity chemicals suffer a fading boom?
How will the producers report against the strong performances?
Why would there be so many down quarters?
Why are several quarters being predicted to be impacted negatively?
"What does \""down quarters\"" mean?"
why so many down quarters?
How much exactly did the profit decrease?
Why did Tandem decide to partner up with International Business Machines Corp?
What are they fighting over?
How to expect to report such growth?
is that low?
How are we continuing to improve U.S. businesses?
Which analysts?
how did they estimate?
which week was it?
Why is it backing out?
Which three airlines?
why are they backing out?
Which three airlines?
Why won't it renew contracts?
Why does it remain involved but won't renew contracts?
Why did they remain with these airlines and not others?
Is this the reason they did not renew contracts?
which one is closer to the real number?
Why won't they specify the costs?
Who is the spokesman for Avis?
why wouldnt he specify?
Why might the investors be worried?
Why would some people choose to do this?
Why is is able to be required? How does the broker/investor relationship work?
what does this mean?
what is a margin call
Why were they thought to have contributed to the downward spiral of the stock market?
what is a margin call?
What does this term mean?
what are securities?
Why are they going to challenge the legality
what does it stand for?
Why are they planning to challenge this?
Why has this been practiced in the past?
Which specific aspects have been challenged?
which aspects?
Why have other challenges failed?
is this tactic common?
How will reasonable grounds be determined?
what company is ahold?
What evidence has been turned over?
what kind of evidence?
Which laws did they break?
why not charged?
Why hasn't anyone been charged yet?
Was this product copyrighted?
Why did they substitute in their tests?
Why does it need to be recalled?
are they able to do that?
What was wrong with the urinary tract antibiotic?
whats his name?
Why wouldn't they comply?
Can you explain who they are and what they do?
What is a behemoth?
Which friday?
What is a market rout?
Who is they?
why will they buy more?
Why do they want to buy more today?
What war are they talking about?
was it famous?
How does buying at the bottom pay off?
What does this mean?
So big investors will not be investing if the market opens low today?
all of them?
At what time today will investors know if the open stocks have sharply lowered?
"Who is \""they\""?"
why would they?
Is panic a good way to make a decision?
friday the 13th?
Are they at least accurate to the date?
what do they represent then?
is that a high prime rate?
Why does this small city have trouble?
Which Dallas suburb?
What kind of trouble does the Dallas suburb have?
why do they have trouble?
What kind of trouble?
What is the problem with pools?
What kind of trouble?
What does a pool have to do with trouble?
pool is trouble?
What kind of pool are they having trouble with?  Swimming? Carpool?
What happened more than 30 years ago?
What happened 30 years ago?
What game are we talking about?
What game were the citizens warned about?
which game?
What game were they warned against?
Why are they barring the hotel from having pool tables? What is the Problem?
Why did the town council bar the pool tables in the Grand Kempinski?
Why are pool tables being banned in a hotel?
Why were sales reduced and costs increased?
what is that?
What suit did Inland Steel settle?
What was the suit about and why was there a settlement?
what is seasonal softness?
What materials are experiencing increases in costs?
who are they?
Why did the Joseph T. Ryerson & son unit have that affect?
Why is their output of crude oil shrinking?
Why is Canada's crude oil output shrinking?
Why is Canada's crude oil output shrinking? 
Why did industry forecasts need to be revised?
is that a lot?
Why is there a shift towards natural gas?
Which producers are shifting to natural gas?
Why are producers shifting to natural gas? 
Why would this make expansion unnecessary?
Why is there a shift towards natural gas?
will it swing back?
what is plc?
Why did British Aerospace PLC and France's Thomson-CSF decide to merge?
Why do they want to merge?
why is it called that?
What are the other missile makers?
Who are the other largest missile makers?
Why a joint venture vs. a merger?
why so long?
Why do they to seek government clearance?
Why do they need government clearance to merge?
What happens if they do not reach a final agreement by the end of the year?
What companies are they talkign about?
is it a good idea?
Have the two companies ever worked on a project together?
Why have their ties been rapidly growing before a merger is in place?
Why would regulators have concerns about CenTrust?
why are they troubled?
What sort of concerns?
What are the apparent losses?
what is a junk bond?
Why do regulators want CenTrust to stop buying back the preferred stock?
who are the regulators?
Why were they ordered to stop buying?
Why would David Paul call the directive inappropriate?
is he well known?
Why was it inappropriate?
Why was the basis insufficient?
Why does the thrift want the decision reversed?
What will he do to attempt this?
What is the reason for the loss?
Why would it report a loss?
How does this loss compare to other quarters?
Why does CityFed Financial Corp plan to report losses? 
Why no per-share earnings?
Would the loss be reflecting of the share holders selling their stocks?
What kind of factors?
What factors does the loss stem from?
Did the loss directly affect him as well? Or just the other shareholders?
How did his nonperforming assets rise so much in 4 months?
What are these nonperforming assests?
Where were these assets located? Does it have to do with certain state's economy?
How did they find these producer prices?
Why did producer prices rise so steeply? 
What made energy prices jump?
why did the energy prices jump?
What caused energy prices to jump? 
is that a lot?
What triggered the drop? 
what role did it play?
Why would the Fed not allow interest rates to fall?
how does this help the idea that the fed will not being easing credit
who is the fed?
Why were they opposing victor posner?
Which franchisees are opposed?
Why did they want to oppose his control?
Why do they oppose Posner's control of Arby's?
What are the previous moves?
Why are they at battle?
why so much money?
why was the president fired?
What was the dispute?
why was he fired?
What sort of dispute happened?
How will it damage the system?
what was the date?
What has Posner allegedly done to cause irreparable damage?
Why would South Africa free eight prisoners?
Who are the other political prisoners?
what is anc?
Who are the seven other political prisoners?
What does this acronym stand for?
Why would these activists have thousands of supporters?
was that an organization?
Who are these activists?
"What does the use of \""black\"" mean, is the townships primarily made up of black people?"
Why would those who were freed spend 25 years in prison?
Why were those people in prison to begin with?
Why would Sisulu want to plot to overthrow the government?
is he still alive?
When did he say this? Before or after he went to prison?
Who is the ANC?
I found nothing vague?
Who or what is pretoria?
What is a regulator?
Why did Imperial Corp. withdraw from its application? 
Why did Imperial Corp. of America withdraw its application?
Why did they withdrawal?
What other evidence is there?
How was it informal?
Why did Imperial fail to meet requirements? 
What are the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act?
What else has been going on with Imperial Corp?
What does it mean for an amount to be related to an area?
What does this mean? Lending money to only areas that receive deposits?
Are these the same as the aforementioned outlets?
What are the five outlets in San Joaquin Valley?
"What does it mean for a group to \""post\"" a gain?"
Why were the terms not disclosed? 
How will Valley Federal save about $2 million in annual operating costs?
What is the Arcadian Phosphate case?
what is this word?
Why would the courts not enforce such a case?
Does this mean that both parties agreed to not agree?
How was this intention proven?
What is the Pennzoil/Texaco litigation?
How can they prove this?
what does this mean?
What similarities must be considered to be able to determine this?
What is the principle in both cases?
How can they be judged differently then?
what is a principle in this situation?
How is the writer aware of the facts?
why are they having to reduce the costs
Why is time magazine having to increase subscription rates?
Why is the magazine less popular?
why would they cut advertisers if they want more money? i feel like i'm not fully understanding this.
Why did they increase the subscription rate so much?
Which executives at Time Warner Inc.?
How was this an effective marketing technique?
why wouldn't they increase it?
How is one page in a magazine able to cost this much?
How does this compare with advertising price trends in the industry?
What is a guarnteed circulation base?
Why would a high price give you a bigger clientele? 
Which other mass-circulation magazines?
is this for business?
What is the Securities and Exchange Commission?
Why were the issues filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission?
Why are they offering so many common shares?
what kind of company is this?
What exactly what does Merrill Lynch Capital Markets do?
why did they do this?
Is debt securities another term for insurance?
What are debt securities and warrants?
Why is Alex the person they are going through?
How much in USD is a common share worth?
how many sons?
Who is Hill Richards?
What are these companies?
Why did the government sell deposits of loan institutions?
which government?
WHY DID LOW BIDS PREVENT THE SALE OF A FIFTH?
What Institutions? 
Who was this?
Why did they sell deposits?
How were the large banks chosen?
WHAT IS THE 'S&L bailout legislation?
What else was included in this legislation?
what do big thrifts refer too'?
HOW WERE THEY ABLE TO AGGRESIVLEY EXPAND?
What did it expand to? 
How was the Canadian bank chosen? 
which Canadian bank?
What Bank bought the thrift?
Which Canadian bank?
WHAT DO THEY ONLE SELL THE DEPOSITS AND HEALTHY ASSETS?
What happens to everything else?
why will it differ?
How will they differ sharply from previous anniversary tenures?
how did previous go?
Why is his influence in dissent?
Why does this role reversal hold true?
will it go back to normal?
Why are they ready to assume a different role?
why do they need to be ready?
Who are the four?
What are these frustrations in the new role?
How is it affecting the city's retail real estate market?
How is it affecting the real estate market?
Why are newly constructed places hard to fill?
Who are the real estate brokers?
Which tenants?
where is the bottom?
What sort of turmoil is happening in their industry?
Why is there so much space available?
can they be advised?
Who are the executives?
Could you name a few of the executives?
What are speculators and takeover players?
Why was it overdue?
Which executives?
What are artificial LBO valuations?
Why did Hewlitt-Packard shares drop?
how many meet?
Which executives?
should there be that guy?
Why were they not perturbed?
definition of this word?
what is an accord
What is a smelter?
what is the federal superfund?
What is the Superfund program?
what is a smelter?
What were the cleanup costs for?
Which other metals?
"Why are lead, zinc and other materials dangerous?"
which other metals?
What is the 21-square-mile area?
why would it be exempt?
how would the company potentially be exempt from liability if they have already been found to potentially be liable?
What are these voluntary undertakings?
which undertakings?
is this a neighborhood?
What makes the botanical garden wonderful?
is this a nickname?
Why is South Bronx devastated?
who is she?
Does this mean how she remembers the Bronx? 
what is a sexpot?
"Who are the Jewish eccentrics, and what kinds of music did they play?"
Why did Relational have an unexpected first quarter loss?
What is that unexpected loss?
How much was the unexpected loss in the first quarter?
What is total loses in all?
what is database software?
What was a contributor to the $2 million loss?
Why were the experts incorrect about their analysis?
Why did they expect a loss?
why not a big profit?
Why weren't analysts looking closer at the operations of the company?
"Shouldn't it state \""was\"" instead of \""is\"" since the quarter has already reported?"
How many shares this year can they expect vs. last year?
"If the net income was $1.5 million and it reported 12 cents a share earnings, was there a dividend to report as well?"
third quarter of what year?
How much are the nation's major pharmaceutical makers earning?
Why did earnings move ahead briskly in the third quarter?
what are adverse foreign-currency  translations?
"What does \""adverse foreign-currency translations\"" mean?"
why were they adverse?
which medicines?
Why are the medicines priced so high?
which analysts?
which products?
What are the older products the less robust earnings were attributed to?
How do the earnings from older products compare those of new medications?
do customers prefer them?
How does consolidating manufacturing plants help save the businesses money?
Does this stock-swap mean swapping between two companies?
what is a common share?
Why did Weatherford International cancel plans for a preferred-stock swap?
Why did Weatherford International Inc. cancel their preferred-stock swap?
Why the Weatherford International Inc stop payment of dividends?
Does this mean they are unsure about the price of their stock when the transaction will happen?
is that a lot of shares?
"What do they mean by \""preferred stock outstanding?\"""
why not established?
Why was the exchange ratio never established?
Why was the exchange ration never established?
What are these market conditions that make the cancellation happen?
What were the market conditions?
How bad were the market conditions that they had to cancel the planned exchange?
why will it resume?
Why is the concern thinking about resuming payments?
What was the preferred stock?
why did they raise a obstacle?
Why did they raise an obstacle?
How can the Canadian government raise an obstacle for the French government?
What sort of obstacle?
Why isnt it a net benefit to canada?
Why wasn't it a possible net benefit?
Why would the purchase possibly not be of net benefit?
Why must every foreign takeover benefit Canadians?
Why does it require the government to turn over documents?
What are the concerns?
Which five assembly plants?
Where are the five plants located in North America?
why were they angered?
Which plants would be eliminated?
Which three car factories?
When will GM stop production and close the two full-size van assembly plants?
are they closing down immediately?
What caused the market share to skid?
What is GM's current market share?
How will they accomplish this?
Could GM more effectively market their vehicles in an attempt to sell more product rather than to shutter factories?
why only 80 percent?
Why close this plant specifically?
"What percentage of the population of Lakewood, Ga. works at the GM assembly plant?"
Which year?
Which products?
Which data-storage products?
Why did payment from a supplier increase revenue?
do they make hard drives?
Is revenue defined as the amount of money made by all workers in the company?
how much percent is that?
Why aren't they going to sell them anymore?
Which lines?
Which supplier did Maxtor receive payment from?
What are the products?
Why will it have a positive effecT?
Which line is Maxtor going to discontinue?
Who is the official close to the company?
"In this case, what exactly is a hostile predator?"
What would constitute being a hostile predator?
What does the company Saatchi& Saatchi do?
what type of predator?
Why did this occur and how?
Why was there a stock market sell-off?
What is a junk bond market?
Who is their new chief executive officer?
Why is Maurice Saatchi being replaced?
Why is it the subject of intense takeover speculation?
Why is it beleaguered?
definition of this word?
Who are these third parties?
What does possible restructuring mean?
what is a shareholder?
Why is the buy-out being suggested?
Why did Charles Saatchi rebuff Carl Spielvogel?
does it mean yelled at?
What does HOFI stand for?
Is this a high percentage compared to prior to the combination?
Why are they combining their stakes?
What is a holding company?
what does it stand for?
Why only 10%?
why did they endorse the major proposal?
Why did the director's reject the offer?
why did they endorse it?
do they want more?
What are the laws related to this area?
Why is this considered fraudulent?
how many should have declined?
Do the two men mentioned work for Vagabond?
How many years and does the punishment fit the crime?
How long of a term?
what kind of securities violations?
for how long?
Why are they going to issue warrants on share of Hong Kong Telecommunications Ltd?
What kind of warrants are they?
What are warrants on shares?
Why are they placing these warrants on Asian countries?
What was the similar offer?
are they in both cities?
Why can buyers only buy one?
Who will determine the price of shares?
Are these ADR shares?
What's the price?
why in london?
How did they determine the share price?
Are these level III ADR shares?
Is there any fee associated with owning foreign shares?
how much in dollars?
Why are demands growing from Western Europe?
why are they trying?
What is the Bush administration questioning?
Why did they supply the Soviets with military technology?
What is their evidence for this?
why did they?
Why must we align our export control policies?
How will liberal export rules be seen by the general public?
What year did this meeting take place?
Why are they just trying to relax the rules around technology?
Are there not more worries with high-technology products of spying or terrorism?
will it work?
How would he be able to see the evidence?
What specific evidence would satisfy them?
how can they go further?
What does Cocom mean?
why the rest of yeatr?
Why are oil industry profits middling?
"Why are the oil industries profits considered \""middling\""?"
is this bad?
"What is considered \""less robust\""?  Is that a lot or a little?"
Which executives and analysts?
Why are chemical prices weak?
what does softening mean?
"How can you quantify \""somewhat\""?"
what did phillips say?
Why do they expect to report a net loss in the fourth quarter?
Where and from whom is Traditional Industries Inc. seeking financing?
Why is the company struggling?
who is the seller?
Why did Traditional decline to estimate the loss for the year?
How could this even be a possibility given the prior statements?
How did Traditional get so big?
Why didn't the company break out their fourth quarter results?
Why not disclose these numbers if the others have been disclosed?
What has made economic tensions worse? 
Why did the Japanese fear Carla Hills' visit?
Why is there economic tension?
"Firstly, I am wondering why there are economic tensions between the US and Japan. Second, It is surprising to hear actual Japanese citizens \""fearing\"" a visit from an US official. "
Did they expect this due to the trade war with China?
Why are people demanding Japan reduce its trade surplus with the U.S.?
What in particular is it that the U.S. and Japanese need to properly work together without further escalating tensions. 
What is the long-term view? What are the goods that are needed? What would make tensions deescalate?
Was this due to tensions rising over economic concernes?
In what way was the tone of this visit different?
What year did this meeting take place?
What is the tone that Rovery A. Mosbacher previously used in negotiating with Japan last month.  Are they being mean?
What are Japanese businesses doing that inhibit free trade?
What are these fundamental practices. How do they affect the United States? Why can't the U.S. self sustain on inhibited trades.
How soon will this be taking place?
What would be the advantage of replacing measuring cups with tablespoons.
How would tablespoons replace measuring cups?
What are the testing methods?
Will this superconcentrated detergent be safe for all kinds of clothes?
How is the detergent superconcentrated?
"Does this effect the environment in any way, and are there environmentally friendly options?"
Are soapsuds expensive when compared to regular detergents
Who are the local competitors?
What other products utilize superconcentrates?
"Is Kao corp., a large leading company in Japan?"
"Does the company Kao Corp., have a global presence?"
What is the market share of P&G's in the USA?
How did P&G become a giant consumer-products company?
What are the new products that will lead to stronger performance?
is that low?
Does Elcotel do anything besides telecommunications?
interview with who?
Who was the interview with?
What was he interviewed for?
Why is the revenue going to 4 million?
Why has there been such a decline in sales of privately owned pay telephones?
Which newly industrialized countries?
What is the quota number?
What is the quota?
Which countries does this include?
why did they cut it?
How much of a cut was made?
What did they increase to?
What was Japan's quota versus what it is now?
What is the new quota share?
Why do he steel quotas last 5 years?
there are no other countries that did not talk steel?
What is considered a 'steel talk'?
how recent?
Would the new quotas out source to developing countries?
What nation are the referring to?
Why is Nabisco disbanding that division?
Why is it disbanding?
Why did it move them?
why are they disbanding?
why taken private?
Who is the spokesman?
Why is RJR discussing these plans?
What plans does it have?
what does rjr stand for?
Why did he decline to specify?
which ad agency did they hire?
Why is the budget down?
Where in California?
With whom was this partnership formed?
what is a limited partnership subsidiary
Why did Kaufman & Broad decline to identify its institutional investors? 
Why did they decline to interview them? 
what is a insitutional investor
Why haven't zoning and other approvals for development been obtained? 
What has lead them to shy away from the public eye and buy without having permits yet?
Why is the partnership running the risk of not getting approvals? 
Does this mean they are intentionally trying to not get the permit to buy it cheaper?
who are atco. ltd?
Where else is Atco Ltd. considering building plants?
Is this a Canadian company trying to expand overseas?
Which suppliers?
Why would Britain allow foreign companies to have this opportunity?
why not full competition?
is that canadian?
long suit meaning what?
How good is their history in managing powerplants?
Which air carriers?
Why were the machinists on strike?
are they in downtown seattle?
How had the strike put turmoil into the scheduling?
Why would it take until January?
of what year?
will it actually happen?
Who are the private investors?
Why did the private investors decide to make cash bid?
"Why only \""most of\""?  Why not buy the entire company?"
What are secured liabilities?
what are secured liabilities?
"Unclear what an assumption means in this context, to the average person."
Who else made bids on the properties?
How did Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson meet?
Hooker's philosophy was to build what exactly?
Why do the assets require more money and management?
Why do they need more money and management?  What is wrong with them?
They want to hold onto what?
hold their investments?
What happened to the net income in the first and second quarter?  
What was done differently in the third-quarter that the net income rose 26%?
How much is 26% in dollars? 
Third-quarter net income rose because the chemical business was doing well?
What was done differently this year that was not done last year?
which year?
How did the sales shoot up 7.4% in such a short time?
When was it $540 mil?
how quickly?
Were there any losses at all?
Is there a common name for this? 
what is caustic soda?
What are gains in electrochemicals?
How did the volume increase and what was the cause of higher prices?
Who is buying the most?
what is a volume increase?
Which operations will it sell?
Which year?
Why did profit drop?
Are they going to get unemployment?
Which services?
What is the number after taxes?
Why is Canada narrowing the trade surplus with U.S.?
Does this mean reducing the tariffs and thus reducing lost money when trading?
did it have a bad effect?
Why did imports barely rise when exports rose so much? 
How has this decrease in surplus affect trading?
Why did the trade surplus reduce so much if tariffs were cut?
which person said it?
What kind of new plant equipment?
who is the second biggest pair?
Why are they in such a hurry to come to agreements for the tariff cuts?
Who is he and where did he come from?
What is this company?
Did this mean he dealt with the money required for the campaign?
What does strategy refer too in this context?
Why did he feel this way?
Where was this center located? 
Why was the person approaching the comedy with trepidation?
Is this due to Larry Gebart's personality and possibly his political orientation?
"Why did the writer have considerable trepidation concerning Larry Gelbart's \""Matergate\"" comedy?"
Why is this hopelessly dated?
When was this? 
What is the Iran-Contra affair and why would anyone make a satire out of it?
Who is Mr. Gelbart?
Does the scandal have to do with the Iran-Contra affair?
What scandal is the person talking about?
What are these scandals?
Does it target certain political parties? What stand point does it come from?
What other scandals over the past 30 years?
What scandals happened over 30 years? 
How does the play incorporate 30 years worth of scandals into its narrative?
Can we be informed on more of these scandals?
What scandal involved the HUD office?
What was the scandal involving the savings and loan industry?
What are they?
What is a defunct Arkansas thrift?
How did worthless loan guarantees inflate the earnings?
why are they worthless loan guarantees?
What is a thrift in this context?
How did someone so crooked get two positions of power at this company?
is he likely to get it?
Does he have a chance of parole?
why hasnt it been set?
Why and what is the delay?
How did he think he'd get away with that?
What methods did he take to commit to this conspiracy?
"Again, it doesn't let me highlight everything - just a single word. What wrongdoing were the initially accused of?"
Why would these two individuals not be charged as well?
why werent they charged?
"How did Prospect Group Inc. gain any control, over Recognition Equipment Inc?"
How was the offer hostile?
How did it gain control despite failing?
What is the name of this spokeswoman?
Who replaced those guys?
what was his reasoning for resignation?
"Why did Mr, Sheinberg get promoted?"
Why will he retain this role if not the other?
does he want to keep the position?
How many top spots did Recognition have?
WHAT IS A TENDER OFFER?
How did they help?
What does that equate to?
why is it a concern?
How does this play into things?
was this a long time ago?
How much would they dividend be?
Why did it climb?
What happened on this date?
"What is significant about Tuesday, October 17,1989?"
What is this date?
Why don't interest rates always represent transactions? 
What is a good representation of actual transactions?
what do they represent?
Where is the rest of the list?
what is a prime rate?
What is this for?
What is the base rate on corporate loans at large US banks?
which banks?
How much in USD is that number?
What are federal funds?
What do Federal Funds represent?
What are these for?
Why was there such a big debt in severance?
How big was it's database software inventories before?
Are these severance costs going to laid off employees?
What was the reason for the slide?
What was the revenue prior to this?
What happened compared to a year-ago?
What was the reason behind the decline in revenue?
Is this the exact same quarter just one year prior?
What is Ashton Tate?
What is the company's profit during this period? 
Is this time measured in quarters or months?
Why would our export drive have stalled in other nations?
Why would the export drive stall?
Why was there a surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit?
how did the surge occur?\nwhy is it surprising?
Why did the largest deficit happen in July?
What types of goods are being effected the most?
Why did the merchandise trade deficit widen in August?
Would putting a tariff on those imports help mend the deficit? 
Why did the exports fell for two moths in a row?
Why did the imports rose while the exports were falling?\n
Why would the balance in the US economy not be as balanced as believed?
Who misled Mr. Dennis into believing the U.S. economy was better than it actually was?
Why are most analysts hesitant to read one month's numbers?
How big of an economical problem could this turnout to be?
What are the fundamental economic problems underlying the stock market's slide?
how does the last friday's slide affect the future numbers of the Wall street?
who is hoping?
"What does \""deficit-reduction legislation\"" mean?"
"What does the \""House version\"" consist of?"
Why did the conference break down?
Which house leaders?
is this a well known budget?
"What was the \""House-passed bill?\"""
why do they desire it?
Why would they want to reduce the bill?
Why would it be placed into another legislation?
what are his credentials?
What is the capital-gains provision?
What is the capital-gains provision?
What is John M. Templeton's net worth?
Why is Templeton putting so much of his own money into the fund? 
What does this fund do for the public?
Who are the other funds available to?
What are some of the 33 funds?
Which countries does the Templeton Emerging Markets fund invest in?
What do these funds do?
What's the Value Fund's ROI?
Why did he add the Value Fund to the list?
Why is Mr. Templeton bullish on emerging growth stocks?
Why is Templeton so bullish on the stocks? 
Bullish in what sense?
What does this mean in terms of business?
Who are the researchers?
How does it completely prevent rejection?
What length of time indicates a success for this test?
What is the chemical makeup of the new drug?
Why are transplanted organ rejected?
What kind of long-term effects are possible?
How long has the drug been being experimented with?
What is the name of the new drug?
How long does it take to get approved?
What harmful side effects does it help prevent?
What side effects are being reduced?
How much are the rejection rates being lowered?
What is the reaction that causes the reduction in harmful side effects and the lowering of rejection rates?
How do they know it reduces side effects if it hasn't been tested long enough yet?
What is the limiting factor in terms of the number of transplants that occur?
What organ is the most commonly rejected?
How does the drug perform when other organs are being transplanted?
How many patient trials have there been?
How can they use the drug if it has not been approved yet?
What is concerning about the stock market?
Why is there concern about the stock market?
does softer mean lower?
Why is there concern about the stock market?
What tumultuous ride has the stock market been on?
Why is the stock market taking a tumultuous ride?
why would it?
Why would the stock market take another tumultuous ride?
Where is California was there an earthquake?
Why would the financial impact be short lived?
Why did the earthquake create sales in Asian trade?
Why would the impact of the earthquake on financial markets be short-lived?
Why does a major earthquake in California effect Asian trade?
What makes the traders' opinion different than the performance of the dollar? 
How has it shown resilience?
is this just bad news?
How is the dollar showing resilience?
Why is it typed all in capitals?
How many billions of dollars?
Which Earthquake are we speaking of?
Where and when did the earthquake happen?
which insurers?
Which quake and where in California?
Why weren't they greatly affected and how?
What does it matter if silicon wasn't affected; where's the concern for the whole state?
why not affected?
Why do these companies not expect no long-term disruption in shipments compare to the other companies in the region?
Why are we concerned with shipments when damages need to be accounted for state wide?What kind of damage would be deemed a disruption?
but not literally?
What are the stocks that they expect to profit or suffer?
Who are these investors?
how did they single out?
Which companies?
What are the two rules the writer is referring to?
What is a leveraged buy-out?
how big was the quake?
How much damage did the earthquake do?
How strong was the earthquake?
what is a temblor?
How long did the aftershocks last?
How many people were rescued?
How many were thought to be left?
Were many cars involved?
where is that?
How strong was the tremor?
What time was it?
How long is the fault?
how many troops?
What branch of the military is responsible for this?
Was there a lot of looting?
What does this mean?
What was the legal brawl about?
when was the last?
Which oil-producing company in Texas?
What was this legal brawl about?
What sort of legal brawl were they engaged in? 
what is a non voting issue?
What else will they provide Texaco?
what is a recoverable reserve?
when was the last indication?
Elaborate on what a reserve base is.
what about a flick?
What was with a twist of the wrist?
Why would they twist their wrist?
why are they tossed?
What about boys with tops?
What is a frisbee tosser?
What are PR types?
What are P.R. types?
what is the goal?
What is their common goal?
Whats the goal that's in common?
What are they all trying?
Put the spin on what?
What is it that they are putting a spin on?
What is the spin?
Why is he being impeached?
What were the impeachment articles?
What were the charges he was acquitted of?
Why was he removed from office if he had been acquitted?
what is this word?
Why did the jury acquit him?
How can he be convicted if he was found not guilty?
how long was the case?
What was the case?
Who was the bribe from?
who were the first five?
Who were the other five?
Why did they need 64 votes?
How much foreign-exchange reserves does China have?
How did China manage to get into this situation?
which goverment report
Who are the authors of the report?
Why is the trade gap for China widening?
"Looking back from 2020, what were the causes of this?"
which one?
How and who came to this conclusion?
how many countries are healthy?
Why does the western government decline to be identified?
How can we trust the source if we cannot know the source?
which government?
What does this word refer to and in what context?
What consumers are too deep in hock?
What would constitute being too deep?
Why would the whole economy be hurting?
Why would the observers be hurt?
Which observers?
Why are consumers being forced to cut back?
Why would a sudden cutback by consumers happen? 
Is this a global issue or specific to a region?
Why are some of these lending institutions already shaky?
Which lending institutions?
Who are the worriers and what are their facts?
How worrisome are the trends?
What were the worrisome trends 
What worrisome trends exist? 
Why are they seeking to position themselves?
How would Eastman Kodak's film business be made obsolete by HDTV?
What is a virtual monopoly?
How costly is the converter?
How much does it cost?
Who does Secretary of State Baker work for?
what are first strike nuclear arms?
Who estimated this amount?
Why would aid to Hurricane Hugo victims need extended further?
What were the current restrictions?
Which influential California lawmakers?
"Why are they called \""influential\""?"
Why would the Bush administration feel the package was excessive?
Why would lawmakers want restrictions waived?
why is it excessive?
Why was the confrontation strained?
Why was there a confrontation between Jamie Whitten and the House delegation?
why wasnt it unanimous?
Who is supposed to be jealous here?
How would there be jealousy of the Golden State?
is there no disaster fund?
Where was the spill?
What were Exxon's initial efforts to treat the giant oil spill last spring?
What year was this?
What did state officials do to interfere?
Which other companies?
What year?
Which other oil companies?
What was Exxon's response?
What exactly was the response?
How many hundreds?
is that the highest court in alaska?
Which suit?
When will it be complete?
why dont they?
"How was Exxon hurt, financially, by the state's suit?"
When will the specific dollar claims be filed?
What is a reserve?
How did such a loss occur if there was a boost in reserves?
WHAT COUTRIES RECIEVED LOANS?
Why was this expected?
Why did they take losses on these loans?
Why was this expected?
Whose net income is this?
How is the company's situation so drastically different year-to-year?
WHAT YEAR?
What percentage loss is this?
WHY DID INTEREST INCOME RISE?
Why did interest rise that much?
What is interest income?
What does bank holding mean in this context?
How did their assets climb if they experienced a loss for the quarter?
WHY DID IT CLIMB?
Why did their assets climb so much?
How did they make more money when they lost money due to bad loans?
"Why \""would have\"" income increased?"
WHY WOULD IT HAVE INCREASED?
Why would have it increased this much? 
What are loan-loss reserves?
What happened on this date?
What occurred on this day?
What happened on this day?
Which ones are key?
What are the general levels?
Why are the rates only a guide and not a set rate?
Is this the US prime rate?
"What does \""Prime Rate\"" mean?"
How is the base rate determined?
What is a near closing bid?
What do all of the percentages mean for federal funds?
Why is Enviropact Inc. selling its pump and tank division?
is that a lot of money?
What do these divisions contribute to Enviropact Inc as a company?
Why would GSX Chemical assume $1.6 million in debt?
where in miami?
What is included in this debt acqusition?
What divisions are they talking about?
What is common stock?
Why would Enviropact's shares go up?
What is composite trading?
Why would Enviropact sell two divisions that make up $8 million of their revenue?
which divisions?
what is a narrow range?
why did it climb?
what kind of economic data?
why were they nervous?
which day?
what do they mean by marks?
Why did they agree to transfer ownership to the top executives?
Who are the two top executives?
Why is this a last-ditch effort?
What is the Broker-Dealer subsidiary consist of?
Why is this a last ditch effort to keep the sales force? 
How could the financial services firm miss payments on a 1 billion dollar debt?
Why did the company miss interest payments?
Why will it exercise that right only in that particular situation?
What are the other businesses?
What are their other core businesses?
How would this right be exercised? 
Why would it want to sell the right to regain the subsidaiary?
Why are they asking permission to sell rights when theyre trying to keep its sales force and customer base?
Why was the company renamed?
Was it necessary to rename the subsidiary?
Why did the company change its name? 
How did the fiscal fourth-quarter profit plunge that much?
Why did their fourth quarter plunge so hard?
Why did the quarter profit plunge so drastically? 
What were the previously reported operating problems?
What problems were previously reported?
What did Varian do different this year than last that made their profit go up 13%?
Why was there so much growth this full fiscal year?
How did they rise the profit by that much so quickly?
How did the sales of the year rise to almost a 15% increase?
Why did sales rise almost 15%?
Why did sales rise so much?
Which division was sold?
Why did he have differences with the board?
What kind of differences did Richard W. Decker  have with the board?
what were their differences?
What did the written announcement say?
How did he become such a young chief executive?
How was David Payne chosen to be the chairman?
why does this matter?
how do they do that?
Why does it want to spin off the real estate portion of its operations?
Why does the plan place n indicated value on the real estate operation?
Which people are familiar with the transaction?
Why are directors expected to review the plan?
how many directors?
Why do they need to review the plan?
how long did it take?
Why will it take until the end of the year to close?
What do these companies do?
What is G.M.B?
what is gmb?
Why do they want to acquire Vermont American corp?
Why has additional information been requested?
what do they do?
What additional information did the FTC request?
Why do the two companies want to acquire Vermont American Corp?
What is composite trading?
"How was Vermont American able to common close at $39.75, off 25 cents?"
is that a lot?
What is composite trading?
What does a full and prompt response consist of?
Why was the request not seen as unusual?
Why don't they anticipate any problems?
Why don't they anticipate any problems?
why dont they see any problems?
Who are the spokesmen?
Why has Vermont American agreed to be acquired?
Why is he being mock furious? 
What is a croaker?
"What does \""pot down\"" mean?"
What kind of guide?
What is his major?
Doing what?
Why does the man take people out to fish? 
What is he fishing for?
Where exactly does he take people to fish?
Does this mean seasonally? Or as a side-gig while going to school?
What constitutes the rest?
Does he know what fish are out there based on the weather?
Is this a competition or for leisure?
How many boats are out at the same time?
is it normal to share crucial information like that?
Why does Europe have takeover fever? 
what is cie?
Why is it bidding?
How will Paribas get the go-ahead from stock market authorities? 
when will they receive the go ahead?
Why is it the largest?
how many franc to a dollar?
would it be worth it?
Is this a unit of people?
What year did this happen?
Why is Turner Broadcasting distributing movies overseas before U.S. theaters?
in which countries?
Why are Turner pictures being shown on television before theaters?
was it a popular movie?
Was there any reason these men were selected?
what are their other missions?
is that a company?
What is the New Haven Register?
What will happen to them now?
what happened recently?
What made the association turn bitter?
Why has the relationship turned bitter?
What has Goodson been lacking according to them?
how much has inflation?
What is part of the management contract?
Who determined this was normal?
who is it associated with now?
Why do school superintendents have these reputations? 
How is Kimbrough hard-nosed?
WHAT ARE HIS CREDENTIALS?
Why did Kimbrough nearly come to blows? 
"What is meant by \""took\""?"
Why did Kimbrough berate reporters? 
What did he do to berate reporters?
WHAT DOES terms and syndicate manager mean?
what is a syndicate manager?
what is a senior subordinated debentures?
what does this mean?
What are subordinated debentures?
why werent they available?
"what are Series 1989, 1989A and 1989B?"
What is a capital appreciation bond?
How were the hundred injured?
Where is here?
Why were the workers unaccounted for?
How many workers were unaccounted for?
where is that in oklahoma?
How did the seal blow?
Who is the manager?
Why did a seal blow?
how did it blow?
How was the damage and cause assessed/determined?
Who are the other Phillips officials?
how long will it take to figure out?
"Who were these analysts, and were they from inside the company?"
Which analysts?
Why did analysts expect this decline?
what were the projections?
What does this common outstanding mean?
What is the meaning of common outstanding?
What evidence besides an announcement would cause shares to fall?
how far did they fall?
Does this dividend only apply to certain investors?
Which investors were disappointed?
Why would a company give special divends?
What % drop was this for the share?
How is composite trading different than other types of trading?
what is composite trading?
Why has Dozen chosen to be president?
What does Daiwa Securities Co do?
Why did they name Masahiro president?
What kind of company is this?
Why did Doi stop being president?
Why did they make Sadakane vice chairman?
Is Doi stepping down or being forced to step down?
What is Japans first largest security firm?
What ceremonial duties does the chairman perform? 
How is the chairmans role ceremonial?
What is ceremonial about the chairman's role?
Why isn't  the title of CEO used?
Why is the term CEO not used?
Why isn't it used?
How did they incur such debt?
"Are bonds able to be converted into shares, and if so, what kinds of shares?"
Why are they hurting for money?
Why did he disclose the numbers?
is he important?
How did they not just go bankrupt?
Why was this loss so prevalent? 
whats the second largest?
Why was the debt load lessened due to a reduction from asset sales? 
How did they acquire this specific form of debt?
are they still keeping these?
Why is Charlie Brown selling out?
why is he selling out?
What is selling out?
What was bad about the Metropolitan Life ads?
Why were the Metropolitan Life ads bad?
is that a company?
Why were the ads bad enough?
"What do they mean by \""cashing in?\"""
as opposed to earlier?
Who is he?
How much money could they be making?
has it ever happened before?
Who are the cable industry's two most powerful players? 
What is the basis for this legal challenge?
Are these methods legal?
how many were asked?
Why did they decline to comment? 
What were some of the terms of negotiation that may be of significance?
who is the second largest?
Who are these other cable partners?
What is the current pre acquistion share value?
will it be agreed to?
what is escrow?
Why wasn't it completed?
When will they be completed?
Why is the word concern here?
what is the concern?
Why is it a concern? 
How did General Electric cover up fraud? 
What were the motives GE? 
What are the fine points of the case?
What is a criminal overcharge?
is that the highest court?
What important facts were ignored?
How did prosecutors distort documents?
What percentage of defense contracts are associated with GE at the moment?
do they have a positive image?
What reasons were behind GE being considered an industry leader?
Does this come back to them or the individual when it is voluntary?
considered by who?
Which two media properties did Knight-Ridder Inc. sell?
Why did they sell two of their media properties?
what are its properties?
What is the demand in these cities that they would benefit from this?
Why did revenue increase so much?
Is this increase just from those two television station sales?
How much do they generate from their newspaper division?
why is it quoted?
What does this company do?
"Why would Farmers want to sell, are they in financial trouble?"
What is an insurance exchange?
What does Axa-Midi Assurances insure?
Why are they considering pitching to Wall Street bankers?
Why have people in the horserace business been insulated? 
how many horses does he mean?
Why did Britain's current account deficit drop.
Why did Britain's account deficit drop?
how pronounced was it?
Which business executives?
Why did the interest-rate increase?
Why is investment by business failling off?
why exactly?
What does investment by businesses is falling off mean?
Why is business investment falling off?
Why did the companies surveyed cut their spending.
why are they spending more?
What are yields on certificates of deposit?
What exactly is the timeline and when is it being compared to?
Where is Banxquote Money Markets located?
Is this considered a significant amount?
Why did  this average decrease?
How did this difference come about?
is that small?
Why are they among the most popular?
Why are these issues popular ?
What is the reasoning behind this?
why are they popular?
How does one determine how soon and how much rates can fall?
what is shrinkage?
What caused the unexpected trouble in selling properties? 
What makes their assets bad?
What is a fully diluted share?
Why were analysts suprprised by the decline? 
Why did the decline surprise analysts?
How had HomeFed been keeping a lid on problem assets? 
What is a diluted earning?
What is an origination?
what is a hostile takeover
How did Morgan Stanley help the corporate client?
what does stodgy mean?
Who was the corporate client?
Who were the mergers with?
Why was it unfriendly?
why was it not gentlemanly?
Was ESB doing badly at the time?
Why was Inco in such a hurry for ESB to make a decision?
"Why is it called a \""hostile tender offer?\"""
what is a lexicon?
what is cognoscenti?
Why did this surprise the theatrical cognoscenti?
What does this mean exactly? 
meaning what exactl?
Why are these works considered sacred?
What does downtown mean in this sense?
What makes these texts sacred? 
what does that mean?
Why is this particular fact relevant?
WHQT IS MAKING THE ENVIORNMENT COMPETATIVE?
Why was he pleased?
Why is the market competitive?
Why was the impact negative?
how long has he been chairman?
What made them predict this?
Why does Cray Research think it will be a no-growth year? 
where are they from
How did they construct their forecast?
What type of company is Cray Research Inc?
In previous years what caused this drop in revenue?
Why has there been a series of bad-news announcements? 
what is the 5 year 10 year trend
Why have they had a series of bad-news announcements?
Do commercial customers or the government make up the majority of their earnings?
Why has the economy slowed? 
what plans does the company have to improve business
Why is the economy slowing?
How much did it slash revenue and earnings projections?
What caused this prediction?
Why is making a projection an unusual event for Cray? 
Why is this unusual?
how many total shaare holders are there
Why did earnings/share go up?
Why were the bond investors partying?
how are these investors different?
Why are they having a party?
Why is the economy weakening?
Does this mean the bonds were better or worse off?
Why is the economic outlook shakey?
which currencies?
when is opening hour?
How did this boost if they are selling off?
Why did the buy out collapse?
who are they?
What does the buy-out entail?
"When is \""prime-time schedule\"" ?"
who is he?
Why isn't The Famous Teddy Z a hit? 
"Why was \""The People Next Door\"" cancelled? "
why was it cancelled?
Why isn't The Famous Teddy Z a candidate for cancellation? 
"Who wrote these \""favorable reviews\"" ?"
k mart the store?
What week was this? 
When was this? What month? What events were happening at this time that could have led to this?
why did it flounder?
Why has the series floundered? 
Why does the Justice Department want to gain control over RICO?
What are the incentives for abuse of the law?
What are some of these incentives?
"What are the \""new policy\"" guidelines?"
why do they need to be reprinted?
What are these guidelines?
How did the prosecutions violate fundamental fairness?
What was unfair about these prosecutions?
What tactics is Justice trying to avoid a replay of?
will they succeed?
What kind of tactics were used?
What does it mean for this bill to be short term?
"Which government is this? The broader U.S. government, or the government of specific states?"
How many voted for the bill and how many voted against?
which year was this?
What happens on November 15?
What is this deficit reduction law?
What are the stipulations of this law?
Who were the 99 who voted against disaster assistance?
What is the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law?
"What is the fiscal 1990 deficit? Is this referring to the year, or to a code?"
What would offsetting cuts look like in practice?
What was the existing deficit before this bill passed?
why wasnt it unanimous?
Why would the chamber not want to waive Gramm-Rudman?
How did this confrontation happen?
What type of confrontation was there?
what are her credentials?
Why was there a confrontation?
What is a well of a chamber?
What is the well of the chamber?
does he have the authority to do that?
What costs does Mr. Panetta want counted?
How does Bankruptcy Code work? 
"What does this protect against specifically, and is it a federal program or a state one? "
Where does the money for the Bankruptcy Code protection come from?
Why did PS support the bid? 
"What does the company do- electric, water, gas, etc.? "
what is ps?
Does PS refer to Public Service Co. of New Hampshire?
Why do other groups want to acquire the company?
Why do the bids keep getting higher?
Who are these other bidding groups?
who are the other groups?
Why are the offers expected to increase?
Why is a resolution not expected until July? 
what ended up happening?
Is July 1990 a typo or was the resolution already agreed upon?
Why don't participants expect a resolution until July 1990?
How would this improve the trust's liquidity?
What percentage does this improve the trust's liquidity?
What is convertible preferred stock?
How would this improve shareholder value?
Was there a proxy statement releasing the actual date for the offer?
How would this improved shareholder value?
What is market price of the stock?
What is the current stock market price for the stock?
What are some of the other alternatives?
What are some of the other alternatives?
What are Series A convertible preferred shares?
How much are the preferred shares worth in comparison to the common shares?
What are convertible preferred shares?
What is the ABM treaty?
What is the Krasnoyarsk radar?
Why is this the most clear-cut violation? 
What are the sources for these editorials?
What is the ABM treaty?
What is the Krasnoyarsk radar?
What delegation is being referenced?
Who are the lawmakers?
What is this treaty and how did it come about?
Who is Shevardnadze?
Why is this explained as unprecedented rather than due to other reasons?
Who is Eduard Shevardnadze?
Who is this
Why is this a clear obstruction? 
what kind of confirmation and why?
Why 5 years after?
Why are they uncertain about their happiness? 
is it weekly?
who is he?
What defeated him then?
Who defeated General Aoun?
Why are they in danger of repeating it?
How is Israel in danger of repeating this?
why are they an aberration?
Why does the Arab world regard Israel as a colonial aberration?
What is a colonial aberration?
"Why is Israel considered a \""colonial aberration\""?"
What sort of settlement?
Why do they need to be accepted by their neighbors?
Why did it make such a big jump?
Why did it drop?
Why did the Nasdaq and the NYSE drop on October 13?
How would they know this was going to happen?
What are short-sellers?
Why did it continue to fall?
Why does it take so long to sell stock?
Were these incentives that were offered for or by them?
WHAT WERE THE HEAVY INCENTIVES?
What were the incentives that went away? 
What do they mean by 'factory giveaways'?
What factory giveaways will be given? 
WHY ARE HIS SALES SLOW?
How did GM use incentives? 
WHAT WERE THE INCENTIVES?
Why have deliveries slumped? 
WHEN DID DELIVERIES BEGIN TO SLUMP?
WHY DID SALES DROP?
Why did they drop?
What are the new guidelines?
What are the guidelines?
What does RICO represent?
What guidelines did they put forth?
What are the new guidelines?
What does RICO cases mean?
What are the new guidelines?
Where can I find it?
What publication contains this editorial?
Who wrote the editorial?
When today will the editorial appear?
What is the meaning of RICO?
What are forfeitable assets?
What does RICO stand for?
What are the assets?
Which cases for example?
Which press outlets have been critical?
Does this violate the innocent until proven guilty policy?
What are the details of the settlement?
What was this lawsuit settlement and how did it help them?
Why did Procter & Gamble have a lawsuit settlement? 
is that high?
Why was it adjusted for a 2 for 1 split.
Why did figures get adjusted? 
what is that?
What are some examples of their sales?
How have the company's competitors been affected by this?
How did the settlement get reached? 
what kind of cookies?
"How is the proposal \""comprehensive\""?"
Why does the agricultural trade need overhauled?
Would the overhaul benefit the farmer or the shareholder?
Why is there an impasse?
how comprehensive is it?
When did the impasse begin during the negotiations?
How are the subsidies trade-distorting?
What subsidies would they get rid of?
Why do these exist in the first place?
How do the subsidies distort trade?
Why would there be flexibility in the proposal?
Would the flexibility be at the farmer's discretion?
"If the desire is to reduce the trade distortion, why must there be so much flexibility?"
Is there any timeframe the administration has in mind?
Why would the tariffs be phased out?
What would happen after the 10 years?
How would that help the US?
How will the US determine which countries qualify for this conversion?
How does the US plan to phase out these tariffs?
Who are the U.S.'s trading partners?
what are her credentials?
Which five New York brokerage firms?
What responsibility do the five brokerage firms have?
Which firms?
is that unusually high?
Why do the firms feel like the suit is without merit?
how can merit be gained?
Why is it merit-less?
Why do the firms want to be absolved of liability?
what is that?
what is a watchword?
How much was land in the 1990's?
Why is building the watchword?
"What constitutes the real estate industry, residential or commercial?"
How do you define watchword?
is that the government?
What is the purpose of the Urban Land Institute?
is that a lot?
What is ULI's goal?
What topics do they research and who are they trying to educate?
What does one have to do to be a member?
What are the increased risks builders are finding?
Why are the builders finding limited opportunities?
why is the market overbuilt?
Why are there limited opportunities?
What are the risks?
are those bankers?
"Why were there so many properties that were \""financially troubled?\"""
What makes a property financially troubled?
Where did Salomon Inc. get the earnings gain from?
Why did revenue double .
how did it double?
Why did revenue more than double?
did they invest well?
Who is the Salomon spokesman?
Why did Salomon's stock fall?
Why did Salomon's stock fall?
what is ad clutter?
What is a blue chip
What is ad clutter?
What is a blue-chip advertiser?
euphoria in what context?
Why did the put a damper on the euphoria?
What are the circulation and revenue numbers?
Why aren't magazines providing in-depth information?
Which magazine?
read what?
what happened?
Why don't the interest rates represent actual transactions?
Why do interest rates not represent transactions? 
what is a prime rate?
what is a base rate?
What are federal funds?
what do the numbers mean?
Who is this person talking to?
What are most pieces like in this persons opinion?
(assuming it's in the next paragraph) what is this mystery comment?
Why is my knowledge or ability being undermined?
Which page did he print?
What is one of the most serious shortcomings of the American education system?
What IS the context? You never said 
What form or collection are these writings?
Which article was it buried in?
Is this an opinion or are there statistics to back it up?
Who is Atsushi Kageyama?
What differences between American and Japanese culture would Americans find severe?
Why is this being implied as a bad thing?
How does this compare to childhoods in other countries?
What kind of discipline are they exposed to?
Out of how many? What is the company's actual full current value?
What are the total outstanding shares of the company?
why are they buying back?
This is vague; does this mean it is in progress and WILL be completed? Or was attempted and did not go through for some reason?
Will the company convert the purchased shares over to treasury shares for possible use in the future?
What does it mean when shares are outstanding?
how long have they been located there?
What is the current share price?
how do they expect to generate?
was any more information given on how this cash will be generated?
"How much, and from whom? What are the downsides of borrowing in a situation like this?"
How much will the borrowing increase the long term debt of the company?
why did they applaud?
Who are these 'analysts'?
Do the analysts expect any future buy backs from the company in the short term?
Why is there weakening auto demand?
Which other goods?
Why did the goods dip?
why did it dip?
Why did the analyst expect a sharper decline?
why did they expect that?
How bad is the manufacturing industry specifically if it has slowed to a crawl?
Why is the transportation category so volatile?
is it really volatile?
What contributed to the growth?
Were the reviews leaning more towards the positive?
what is a quarter net?
What caused the rise in the year earlier period?
300 extra million were made?
What caused revenue to rise?
what is composite trading?
What caused the increase?
who is he?
What were the original expectations?
What does 'this' refer to?
Where is this column published?
Why is this related to only Houston?
What housing problem?
how bad is it?
How do the houses deteriorate?
How big might a neighborhood be here?
Why are the homes not taken care of by the owners?
how do the dominoes work?
Who are 'some people' as they relate to this issue?
What are some examples of a mortgage exceeding current market value here?
Do they just stop paying or leave altogether?
why is it quoted?
Why do they walk away?
Who are 'them' in this case?
What kind of payments?
Why did they make this choice?
Why is Sears struggling? 
Why is Sears struggling so much when they were a childhood staple?
Why is it struggling?
why are they struggling?
Why was there a 16% drop yesterday?
How much is one of their shares?
Why was the news even worse for Sear's core retailing? 
How was the news even worse for Sears core US retailing operations?
What was the news?
why was it worse?
Why did its US stores have a 6.9 million loss? 
How did such a big loss come out of the blue?
What does first deficit mean?
How did analysts estimate the declining sales?
What was the cause of the decline?
which analysts?
What was the scandal?
What happened in the scandal?
How much of a drop in profitability?
"What was the bet, how high-risk?"
Did they profit from the high risk bet before it stopped working?
Is that considered a small amount in this industry? 
Who are the subsidiaries?
What lead to this surge of profit when they were otherwise even?
Who are the people familiar with their performance?
What does this word mean in terms of the stock market?
Why did the dollar finished lower?
Why is there another roller coaster session?
Why is the US stock market volatile?
Why is the US stock market volatile?
What is the Dow Jones?
What is seesaw gyrations?
Why are they bidding lower?
What is UAL?
Why is UAL's decision seems significant at this point?
What does this mean in terms of business?
What is DJIA stands for?
How will it prove this?
In what way does Israel claim that the Palestine Liberation Org continues to practice terrorism?
will the talks continue?
Why does Israel feel the Palestinians practice terrorism?
Why aren't they buying it?
Why does the US not believe?
why arent they buying?
Why is the U.S. not buying Israel's argument?
How are these events directly attributed to the PLO chairman?
what is plo?
Why was this a precondition of the dialogue?
Does studying mean investigating?
what list would?
who are giant group ltd?
Why did the group of investors have to file with federal antitrust regulators in order to buy stock?
Which fast food restaurants?
Why did the company go public?
is that high or low?
how did you get this info?
Was it the Rally's directors that wanted to buy so many stocks?
what do they do?
Which recent editorial is being quoted?
"What about the philosophy is blatantly \""crabby? Why the unusual choice of descriptive word?"
What actions of the Bush White House suggested that they ally themselves with the philosophy?
Who is deeply disturbed?
Was the legislation drafted across political party lines?
When did President Reagan appoint the members of the National Council? How many years did they work on the legislation?
who is you?
who can say this for sure?
Who was having these meetings?
Which congressmen in particular are making the citation?
Why won't it occur in the near future?
Who are the currency analysts?
Why has the sentiment fizzled?
Why would a sell-off be expected?
what does this mean?
Why has dollar sentiment fizzled?
Why won't this event occur?
How close to the bottom are you?
How do these things affect the value of the dollar?
How was this conclusion reached?
is this a bank?
What tough times particularly?
what causes a weakness in the pound?
How many days?
is this a small change?
Why was it off?
why did it do that?
Why did it strengthen?
Why was it down from Friday?
What is the difference between and animal and human based insulin?
What kind of study would this be?
What is clinical chemistry?
What kind of hospital is it? Does it have any specialties?
which part of london?
what is fridays date>?
Could these death be attributed to anything else?
why more of these?
how young?
Did they have any other preexisting health conditions?
is animal insulin common?
Why is Mobil Corp. cutting back its exploration and production group?
Why is Mobil Corp. restructuring that sector?
What has led to these cutbacks?
which manager advised?
Why is Mobil Corp. reducing employment?
"Why \""production operations\"" instead of field exploration?"
Who is the company spokesman?
Why did the exploration side lose 400 employees?
is that big?
"How much is \""somewhat\""?"
in what year?
How did Mobil restructure the entire company?
Why was it an industry wide shake out?
Why did Mobil restructure the entire company?
Why did congress send this bill?
why is it vulnerable?
Why is the military retrenching?
Which lawmakers added to the budget?
How is this effecting our foreign relations with these countries?
is this change good?
how did they garner so much?
What are the appropriations committees?
what is the clue?
which mountain?
What is the name of the mountaintop?
What does a frozen mountaintop have to do with the Earth warming?
Which Ohio State University Researchers?
"How did reseachers measure temperatures in the area 10,000 years ago?"
how widespread?
How much warmer would the Earth need to be to melt 20% of the polar ice caps?
Would regions outside of Tibet predict similar changes in the future?
"How were they able to identify this part, was the disk destroyed?"
How did the making of the titanium engine disk lead to a structural flaw? 
How severe was this crash?
What was the flight number?
How many casualties were there in the crash?
how would the FAA and NTSB be able to know the cause?
Why was the flaw suspected? 
Who is responsible for the metallurgy of a plane part?
what is this word?
Does this mean that the metal that was used was not welded together properly?
How could be have done something different so that 112 people didn't die?
were they defective?
Will the airlines pay for the funerals of the people who were killed?
How can they be sure from this physical evidence of the flaw?
was anyone hurt?
Have any charges been filed against the airlines for negligence?
What will happen after the safety board has the hearing?
Why will there be four days of hearings? 
Which people will be speaking during these hearings?
is that a long time?
What does this company deal with?
Why did Hewlett-Packard raise its stake in Octel Communications?
How do common shares differ from other types?
in what year?
What is the criteria for independent working?
did they always want it?
How did Octel foresee this?
were they going out of business?
Why was the purchase expected?
How does Octel compare with its competitors?
what is voice processing?
Why are the offerings only tentatively scheduled? 
Why is the sale tentative?
did they actually happen then?
What is the following?
What are three-month and six-month bills?
What are cash management bills?
what is a common share?
What is a common share?
What does B&H Crude Carriers Ltd do for business?
What is a common share?
What does Chemical Banking Corp do for business?
is that a lot more?
What is a common share?
What is controversial about the Channel One news program?
Why has Whittle been fighting a PR battle with educators? 
is that the channel for everyone?
How do executives expect to reach their goal of schools? 
why so many schools?
why so small?
How did he persuade Congress into making a decimal system for currency?
Which countries currently use these?
How did Jefferson sell congress on the decimal system?
How did he sell Congress on that idea?
Why are they considered headaches?
Why did Jefferson like the decimal system?
Why was he looking at other counties method's of currency? Wouldn't it be a better idea to be original in your country?
Why was one system approved but not the other?
When did the French invent this system?
Why are these measurements good?
What made them opt in to this idea?
How many of those in Congress approved this? Were the common folk asked as well?
"How did they opt for it, was there a vote?"
Why did they choose that method?
How did the colonists get these measurements?
What was the reasoning of Americans ignoring the metrics?
Why did Americans ignore them?
Why did they ignore them?
What were their thoughts?
Why did scientists feel differently?
How did scientists feel?
Why did scientists feel differently?
Why are they being curbed?
Which securities firms are curbing program trading?
what is program trading?
Why is it being curbed?
Why does this roil the stock market?
"What is \""program trading\""?"
What does this mean>
what is painewebber?
Why were they encouraged to suspend this activity?
What kind of programs?
What sort of programs will they launch?
What kind of big programs?
Who are these firms?
Which big board firms are complaining about the program?
Why are they complaining about it?  What harm do these programs cause?
who is contel?
In what way is this a concern?
who are Jim Pattison Industries Ltd
What is a packaging concern?
"Why are they held \""closely\""?"
What other companies does James Pattison own?
Why does James Pattison seek to control Innopac?
what is a holding company?
Why didn't they choose to elaborate?
Which company official?
What are the details of Innopac's business and what makes them so profitable?
What is a common share?
what are  inventory write-downs?
What is an inventory write-down?
Why did Innopac do inventory write-downs?
What were the factors that caused this decline?
Aug. 31 of what year?
What age is considered elderly?
Why is the premium for Medicare Part B rising?
What is considered a catastrophic illness?
what is considered a catastrophic  illness?
How does Congress need to change the program for the premium not to rise?
What is this surtax?
what is income surtax ?
What is the income surtax?
What are allowable doctors bills?
Why were so many sales reported for the aluminum units extrusion division?
Why expects? Did it not already sell?
What is an extrusion division?
Why did the company agree to sell?
what is extrusion?
If it is selling for 15 million why is the charge only 5.3 million?
How was this aluminum tax established?
what is an after tax gain?
What is a rolling division?
which tube company?
Why are they selling off so much of their business?
Which steel tube company?
How was revenue $778.6 million?
Why are they going to line the bird cage with paper stocks?
What do they mean by this phrase?
What are paper stocks?
Why is Wall Street almost ready? 
What's the difference between a ton and metric ton?
Why were the prices for pulp doubled? 
What was the expansion program?
How does this get them into trouble specifically?
Which companies are getting into trouble?
Why did companies undertake record expansion prices? 
Why did the profits fall?
which companies did profits fall at
Why this specific company?
What does the word debentures mean?
Who or what is Jayark?
is that legal?
What does bid mean in this context?
what about the actual price?
What sort of transaction is being refereed to?
What other items does Rosalco Inc. import?
what are the other items?
What kind of company Kofcoh is?
why so many?
What does Dataproducts do?
What are the conditions?
What are some of the other conditions?
will it be easy?
Why was this year so profitable?
Why did NEC Corp.'s net income rise?
is that a lot of yen?
Why have computer sales increased?
Why have electrical device sales risen?
which electrical devices?
Why are home electronic products selling better?
what are their home products?
"What does \""unconsolidated pretax profit mean?\"""
Why did it double?
where is their headquarters?
Why is Japan's consumption tax unpopular?
What is the Japan's unpopular consumption tax?
What adverse effects are there?
what is that tax?
What's this consumption tax?
Export sales as in sales of the products to other countries?
why did the sales increase?
What does Petrie Stores Corp. do?
Why has he agreed to sell?
Why did Milton Petrie decide to sell his 15.2% stake?
in which year?
What is a Securities and Exchange Commission filing?
Why does Petrie Stores have an interest in Deb Shops?
which day is that?
What happens if they change their mind?
is it not an investment?
What kind of an investment?
What kind of investment?
Why do they have no intention to pursue it?
Why don't they want to own all of Deb Stores?
Why would Rally's want to block the investors from buying shares?
Why is Burt Sugarman's group attempting to block investors from buying more shares?
Who are the investors?
Why wouldn't they disclose their intentions?
what do they sell?
I would like to know what Giant Group Ltd is
Why does the group want control of Rally's?
Why do they want control of Rally's?
Why does Mr. Sugarman want control of the company?
is it mean?
What type of company is this?
Were only shareholders involved in the meeting? Was it open to only stock holders with a certain number of stock?
Why did the shareholders approve a consolidation? 
why was it special?
is this common?
What were the benefits of relocation? Do the shareholders have to pay less taxes?
Why did the company relocate the office? 
Are the shareholders solely in Canada? Why is the company based in Canada if the aforementioned locations are in the U.S.A.?
is it a big company?
What constitutes a common share?
what are authorized common shares?
What was the total amount of money that was claimed for Hurricane Hugo?
What was the total claims from Hurricane Hugo?
How much were the claims from Hurricane Hugo?
"How many \""catastrophes\"" have there been?"
How did the American Insurance Services Group come up with this estimated number?
"What is the estimate for the claims under worker's compensation, life, health disability and liability insurance? "
What is the estimate of all claims together?
Will the American Insurance Services Group cover claims under those categories as well?
why doesnt it?
when did hugo hit?
Why did such a low percentage of people have earth quack insurance in California?
Why was there only 30% of homes and businesses that had earthquake insurance?
Do earthquakes rarely happen in California?
shouldnt more have had it?
What is a unit in this context?
Why did the third quarter exceed expectations? 
What was the merger and acquisition activity the previous year?
"What does \""year-earlier\"" mean in this context?"
Is there a particular reason the percentage is up so greatly?
How many transactions aren't disclosed?
How many transactions of the numbers being considered had prices which were not disclosed?
Why is the increase so large?
"Is this a total of 1 billion, or a cumulative 1 billion?"
Why were the transations up so much for the year? 
Did a particular event cause this increase?
What was the smallest?
What is ammonium perchlorate used for?
Why is Kerr-McGee Corporations relocating?
Why is Kerr-McGee Corp relocating their facility?
What operations are these?
Why do they want to move their facility away from residential areas?
"How is this word \""perchlorate\"" pronounced?"
What caused the explosions?
What caused the explosions in may 1988?
Why was it leveled by a series of explosions?
How long was the facility shut down?
What does a safety inspection consist of?
Why is there more Christmas shopping in these regions?
Why do retailers have more momentum in the West and South?
WHY IS THERE MORE MOMENTUM?
Why West and South have more momentum?
What was the cause of the 6.6% rise?
Why were general merchandise sales rising in 1989?
WHY DID SALES RISE?
What are the factors for this sale's up-rise?
Why are both regions lower than west?
Why did sales increase 4.8% in the South and 4.4% in the Midwest?
WHY WERE THE SALES SO MMODEST IN THE SOUTH AND MIDWEST?
What caused the jump of 10.6% in South Carolina?
Why did oil sales surge so much in Texas?
WHAT WAS THE REASON FOR THE JUMP IN SOUTH CAROLINA?
Why there is so surge on oil-patch's sale?
What made the sales decline 0.4% in the period?
What caused the fall in sales in New England?
Why did sales fall 2.6% in New England?
WHY DID sales decline?
What are the reasons behind this declination?
How do these PCs compare to the ones by their competition?
Why are they no longer pioneers in this field?
is that light?
Is there a specific reason for this location?
Is this a desirable weight for notebook users?
what was compaq pc called?
"Who believed that they had a three to six months lead - Texas Instruments Inc., or Compaq Computer Corp.?"
Are other features available in other PCs?
What lead them to believe this?
Who are the lead competitors?
Why didn't texas instruments introduce the first notebook if they were trying to reassert themselves back into the business?
why wont it be a competitor?
Why won't it be a direct competitor?
Who are the direct competitors and why is Texas Instruments not one of them?
Why will it not be a direct competitor?
who resells them?
Did they both have different markets originally? 
Who are these retailers?
Who does this market include?
What are preferred shares?
What is a private placement?
Why do they plan a private placement of 150 million Canadian dollars?
why is beer a concern?
Proceeds from what?
What is beer and food concern?
What is a floating annual dividend?
what will the new rate be?
are there a lot of buyers?
What are they buying?
Why is Dentsu so strong in Japan?
is this a real company?
What does HDM stand for?
did they expand?
What does HDM stand for?
What are the names of the U.S. subsidiaries?
Why do Dentu's subsidiaries keep low profiles? 
What are Dentsu's U.S. subsidiaries?
who are they?
How and why do they keep low profiles?
Why is the company considering an advertising network? 
Which advertising network?
how did they get so big?
Which machine tool makers?
What makes the automotive industry important?
What kind of machinery?
Why was it lower?
which september?
How have they rebounded if they are still below last years levels?
Are the summer doldrums a yearly occurrence?
Is this the authoritative organization?
what about foreign plants?
Why are numbers from 1988 relevant in this article?
Is this a lot or not?
like what parts?
how long does he mean?
what is 51-day?
Why would they sell 51-day cash management bills?
Why is the Treasury planning to sell $2 billion?
"What are \""51-day cash-management bills?\"""
"How will doing this raise \""new cash?\"""
Why is the Treasury planning to sell cash-management bills?
how many bills?
Why do the bills take a few months to mature?
what are those?
How would you classify a non-competitive tender?
Why are non-competitive tenders not accepted?
"What are \""non-competitive tenders?\"""
What are non-competitive tenders?
Why is minimum denomination $1 million?
why is it unusual?
Why did they change the bill the night before it expired?
What is a bill auction?
What is the federal debt ceiling and why does it expire?
What are the details of the bill auction?
Who are the creditor banks?
Who are the creditor banks?
Who are the other leaders?
how long has he been president?
Who were the other leaders?
what meeting?
Who are the other banks?
in how long?
Why did they fall behind?
how old is he?
What are the systems operation
is that a company?
What is an agreement in principle?
is that what they want?
why arent they already?
Why only 120?
How will employees be affected by the agreement?
How much money was misappropriated?
What re the names of the outside vendors?
Which politicians?
How did the charges come about?
Why did federal prosecutors decide to settle?
"What all was part of the \""wide-ranging\"" inquiry into Southern Co?"
What is all part of the settlement?
How was the coverup discovered?
how can they find out?
How did the grand jury find out about Southern Co's attempt to evade federal income tax?
Why are only certain utilities prohibited from making political contributions?
Who were the executives making political contributions to?
when did this act come into existence?
Which utilities?
How does the dollar amount of the fines compare to the amount of money that was misappropriated?
is that a lot?
Why are auto makers pressuring them to stockpile?
Which auto makers?
Why would auto makers want them to stockpile cars on their lots?
"Why should auto dealers \""just say no\"" to auto makers?"
Why would auto makers want cars stockpiled?
WHo is the head of the company?\n
who is the car-dealers group?
Who are the auto makers?
Why do they need to cut inventories?
What level was considered desirable?
What level is traditionally considered desirable?
"Why was the old level originally considered desirable, and why is the president suggesting that it be cut?"
Why should dealers cut their inventories?
How much would that be?
How much is considered desirable?
Why are dealers losing money?
Who are the Big Three?
Why are these dealers losing money?
Who are the Big Three?
Why is Mr. Tonkin feuding with the Big Three?
Why are half the nation's dealers losing money?
Who are the Big Three?
When exactly did he take office?
Why do dealers feel the need to keep 59 days supply?
Why are dealers having a hard time financing inventory?
How did he arrive at these numbers specifically?
How would slashing stocks reduce the costs of financing inventory?
What are the costs of financing inventory?
What is a syndicate manager?
what is a debenture
what is a debenture?
What is a subordinated debenture?
What is a convertible subordinated debenture? 
is that a good percentage?
what is an underwriter?
What does single-B-1 mean?
What does single-B-plus mean?
What is a single-B-plus rating mean?
hertz the automotive company?
What are senior notes?
What does par to yield 9% mean?
Why hasn't it been their year?
Why hasn't it been Kellogg's year?
which year?
Why hasn't it been Kellogg's year?
"What is the \""oat bran craze\""?"
theres a craze?
Why has Kellogg's lost market share?
Who is the company's president?
Why did they quit?
Why did he quit?
for what reason?
Why did the president quit?
Why are they suspending work?
Why are they suspending work on the new plant?
Why is Kellogg's suspending work on the cereal plant?
What market conditions are causing the delay of construction?
What is wrong with current market conditions?
What is the actual name of the company?
Why was this company chosen to make this in the Philippines'?
What Taiwanse company is being referred to here?
What else is included in the Phillipines' foreign-investment portfolio?
Which Taiwanese company?
whats in their portfolio?
What are they asking for a Japanese contractor's help?
Why is the Japanese contractor undefined?
What is a naphtha cracker?
What is a naphtha cracker?
What was the value of the contract that was signed?
What is the primary business of Luzon Petrochemical Corp?
which wednesday?
What is stopping them from making the information about the contract public?
why not public?
Why this location?
What does the complex facilitate?
What will the complex consist of?
is it a big city?
How would you define a 'generalist?'
Who else is in this list?
Why do they not adapt to the trend?
How exactly is the federal judiciary a generalist institution?
Does this mean most companies are specialized?
Why was the system set up this way?
Why must they do this?
Do they have the option of passing on certain cases?
How does a judge get placed in a specialized role?
What are the other subjects?
Why would this cause controversy?
What is wrong with specialization in government?
Why is specialization a subject of controversy?
How did the jurisdiction of the Court of Appeals expand?
Which other courts were gone through?
"Which type of patent disputes if this is \""most patent disputes\""?"
What are the steps prior to going to the Federal Circuit?
Do these courts have names?
Why did it stop moving through these appeal courts?
Why was the most recent stock market storm so bad?
Who are the small investors?
Why is the stock market undergoing such change?
Why are both large and small investors reacting this way?
How does Christopher keep his faith alive when everyone is sad and mad. 
Why is the market plunging?
why isnt he losing faith?
Why is he unaware of how his peers feel?
does he seem unsure?
Who is everyone else?
How is Mr.Sullivan coming to his predicted conclusion?
How did he come to this conclusion?
should he hold then?
What are they selling now?
Why are these offerings tentatively scheduled?
what are month bills?
What is the bill about?
what is maturing debt?
why not one year bills?
What is the bill for?
what is competitive bidding?
Why are these shares preferred?
How the bid happened?
Why was the piece overly optimistic? 
which year?
how far above?
Why were they laid off? 
Why were there so many cutbacks and layoffs? 
What were the companies?
why is it new if its old?
What are they talking about here? Are they seeing that they are broken and not able to fight or that they are not rich and not able to defend for themselves?
Why do they want to try a new tack? Is their old tacks failing them now?
Which savings and loan associations?
Why do the lawyers want to defuse suits?
How are they paying for their lawyers?
is that many?
Why don't S&Ls and the insurance corp have money to pay?
"If they know that there's little precedent to back their position, why do it in the first place?"
does that matter?
Which federal appeals court?
Why has this federal court stepped up compared to all the others?
Which eight other states?
what about other states?
What is the patent for?
Why did MedChem make a challenge? 
Why would the validity of a U.S. patent held by Pharmacia be challenged?
How did MedChem feel their patent was infringed on? 
where is that?
How does the AMVISC product line infringe on Pharmacia's patent?
what is rooster comb?
how many did they sell?
What are the brand names of the products?
Who is the MedChem spokesman?
"What does it mean for trading to be \""a percentage of total volume\""?"
Why did the Stock Exchange perform so well?
September of what year?
What is the %?
"Is that average for each day in September previously, or average for each day in the year?"
What caused the large increase? 
What is a program strategy?
When was the highest level ever?
What is the definition of trading volume?
Why was the average daily trading volume considerably higher than September?
which internal guidlines?
What are the internal guidelines that they revised?
What are some of the normal business functions? 
What are the new requirements of the department policy.
did he declined to be named?
Which attorneys received the revisions?
Why only these two?
What is the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law?
is that the rico?
What kind of company is Dana Corp.?
Why did Dana Corp.'s net income fall?
What caused the shares to decrease in a year?
what do they do?
Why did Dana Corp.'s sales drop?
What type of sales?
Sales of what dropped?
why such a big drop?
Which other drive-train parts?
How did the Venezuelan auto industry collapse?
What caused this virtual collapse?
What is Venezuelan currency called?
what about local parts?
What parts supplier was there a strike at?
How would slumping U.S. truck sales affect Dana Corp.?
Why did this strike occur?
About what and do they have evidence?
Which members if the senate intelligence community.
Why is the turnabout startling?
who is leaking?
"Has there been a investigation to find out who this \""someone\"" is?"
Why would someone warn a thug of impending assassination?
Why would a thug be worried about a coup?
Why would the U.S. warn him?
What's the public service that their performing?
why does the author believe the leakers are performing a public service?
what is a buzzword?
What other buzzwords?
Why do we have to know if the CIA is protecting Mr Noriega?
why does the author believe this is information the american people need to know?
why should we know?
So what did go wrong in Panama?
How does the author believe that inquiry into this subject will affect the american people?
what went wrong there?
Why won't Tandy join U.S. Memories?
when was the first?
What is the first setback for U.S. Memories?
which year?
What group?
Why wouldn't Apple invest in U.S. Memories?
is apple correct?
what are dynamic random chips?
for what reason?
Who are savings and loans? Are we referring to banks?
What are the other reasons mortgage loans are rejected?
"What are \""thrifts\""?"
should they have the data?
Does they not need to state a reason why mortgage loans are rejected?
Why don't they have data?
why would they do this?
Which lawmakers said they are worried?
What can be done to try to prevent discriminating against minorities that are applying for a mortgage loan?
what are the penalties if they dont?
What kind of new ways did the regulators come up with?
What sort of anti-discrimination laws are already in place?
Why is Mobil Corp. preparing to slash the size of its work force in the US?
Why is Mobil reducing its workforce?
How much is Mobil Corp. planning to slash its work force?
How much would this affect the numbers in their work force?
Why is the cut only in exploration and production division only?
Why would Mobil want to cut back on exploration and production?
why isnt it known?
How will this affect the production of the company?
How come the employees have not been notified yet even though the employees will be let go as early as next month?
Why is this news breaking before the company has disclosed anything?
how does the author know then?
Why have they not been notified?
Are these sources credible?
Will there be employees or unions involved in this meeting?
What happened back in mid-1980's that Mobil had to do cuts?
Why did a shakeout occur?
Which other oil producers and refiners?
is gas going away?
What occurred during the shakeout in the 1980's?
Who are the two Soviet partners?
Who are the two Soviet partners?
Why did US-Soviet relations need to thaw?
what year was this?
How will this deal be a historic step?
was he serious?
Why is it considered a historic step?
did the effect end up coming to fruition?
How large is the deal overall? 
what was the second biggest?
Why is Shoney's writing off $2.5 million?
Why a write-off?
How many shares?
What is recapitalization?
What are the details for this event?
How much did it cost?
is it legal to write off?
What is an extraordinary item?
Who is the bank?
What was the previous rate?
which change is more impactful?
What changes are they talking about?
What are the details of said constituency?
"What does \""constituency\"" mean?"
Who are the Contra rebels?
Why did the U.S. antagonists fail?
Who are the Contra rebels?
How reliable is this accomplishment?
Which lawmakers?
What is the current state of the US relationship with the Contras?
"What does he mean by \""all-out military offensive?\"""
Why is the government providing aid to the rebels?
What is Bush aiming to do by claiming this statement?
Who are these supporters?
How did the 19-month cease-fire come about?
Who are their most ardent supporters?
How did this occur?
Why is it unwise?
Why was it an unwise move?
Why was this move particularly unwise? What makes it unwise?
Who are the other leaders?
What other leaders were there?
What progress have they made towards democracy exactly?
What is a debenture?
said this to who?
What is a debenture?
What is a subordinated debenture? This may be unclear to most average people.
Why did the company need to be bought out?
what is a leveraged buy out?
What is a leveraged buyout?
Unclear what this portion of the sentence means.
What kind of transportation services to they provide?
Why did they provide transportation services?
What is a debt instrument?
What does it mean for a debt holder to be institutional?
what is subordinated debt?
What are subordinated debt instruments?
Who are the debt holders?
What institutional debt holder are being referred to?
Which terms would these be?
do the holders have a choice?
Who are the debt holders?
Which specific terms are subject to review?
Why did those companies have to get early clearance from the FTC?
Why did they want to increase their Jaguar holdings?
how big is jaguar?
Why did Ford want to increase their holdings too?
of which year?
Who is the spokesman for GM?
why did he decline?
What is the spokesman's name?
"What does the author mean by \""bucked\""?"
Why would it be the most confusing?
why is October employment data most confusing?
Why is the data confusing?
What region is this specific to and what year?
what is unemployment rate?
What is the main contributor for the change?
Is this number already too high or too low?
What is the actual head count?
What was the impact of the hurricane?
How do natural disasters impact these rates?
Why does it call for this decrease?
why there is a job gain compared with September?
Why does it call for a job gain?
How does this number compare? What is the region for this issue?
what do you mean by  recession fears?
What are the most important factory jobs?
Why did it plunge last month?
"Is it fair that due to unusual events, people's employment should be affected?"
Why did it take this long?
Why was it down a little?
Why was the deficit down?
by how much?
What did Congress do?
What did Congress do on Friday?
which friday?
Why did it lose so much?
why wasnt it unanimous?
What is a pork-barrel bill?
What is a pork-barrel bill?
What do these new activities include?
How do they plan to move into new activities?
Which state owned Banco Exterior de Espana?
Why is the bank looking to shed its image? 
How the bank become private? 
When was this bank founded?
How is the bank restructuring? 
What does Banco Exterior do?
How much is that in US dollars?
What is Factorex's networth?
What are the three new issues?
What are the three new issues?
What were the three new issues?
What issue began trading last week?
What are the issues?
What are these companies?
What is the Big Board?
what is the big board?
What is the big board?
Was Crawford a private company before?
how do they do so much?
What is the Big Board?
What does a petroleum refinery do?
How long has El Paso been in business?
what is petroleum?
What is this date for?
WHAT HAPPENED THAT DAY?
Does this reflect the interest we pay or the interest from foreign companies?
WHAT DO THEY REPRESENT?
Why is it called Prime Rate rather than secondary or tertiary?
When was a 10.5% interest rate set as prime?
prime rate for what?
what is a prime rate?
Are public loans determined at the same rate?
Are all federal interest rates of this kind between 8-9%? 
Does the federal government set the guidelines or is it indicative of the economy?
Which politicians?
was she able to do that?
What was the meeting involving?
What were the youth programs represented?
Who's she listening to?
has she lived there forever?
did she learn the answer?
Why was the pig farmer not in a good mood?
which pig farmer?
Why has the price of pork been falling?
"What does he mean when he says that had no choice but to \""throw them out?\"""
throw them where?
Are they not inspected before going on the market?
I found nothing vague?
I found nothing vague?
how did they crack down?
cows have knuckles?
Why is Youkey hanging meat from a tree?
what is a gulo gulo?
Why is the wolverine cruising these woods?
will they come back?
how did they come back?
which friday?
Why haven't the four horses been visited in weeks?
Why haven't the horses been visited?
what is four horses?
Which 3 horses are they referring to?
Why hadn't they been visited?
How were the horses surviving without hay and water?
Why were the horses being neglected?
is this a typo?
What is this word? Is this a misspelling of the word stalls?
How could a pet owner let their animals get dangerously thin?
Were there more than four horses involved?
Who was the caregiver?\n\n
Why had they stopped showing up?
why didnt they show up?
How did Joyce know about these horses?
Why did she feed them her own hay?
oswego in oregon?
Who's horses are they?
How did Christie mock his weight?
is he fat?
What kind of medical procedure did Christie undergo?
what was the procedure?
Why was it a secret?
was he not supposed to go back to work?
Why did he pretend nothing happened?
Why did Christie not mention the surgery?
What was the event?
Why did he not mention the procedure?
Why would he never have talked about it?
why are the children alone?
Who takes care of the children after they cross?
how do they know how to do it?
What is the process when children under 18 try to cross into Texas?
How did Border Patrol go about the situation?
why is it rising?
What does the Office of Refugee Resettlement do?
who is considered their status.
How does this agency care for these young children?
what usually happens?
Why was it dangerous and hard to maintain?
How did it get this reputation of dangerous and hard to maintain?
What makes the MV-22 Osprey controversial?
Why is it startling that the reviews are positive? 
Who's reviews?
why is it startling?
"How did it go from \""ugly duckling\"" and turn into \""a swan\""?"
what is their name?
What transformation did the Osprey undergo? 
"How is it more expensive than it should be, and based on who's determination and budget?"
how expensive should it be?
What is this impression that it is dangerous to fly based on?
How was this safety record determined?
Why is there an impression the Osprey is dangerous to fly?
Where is this located in Illinois?
What schools were destroyed? 
who is brad erwin?
What type of destruction?
Did people die because of the storm or because the town was ill prepared?
Who were these people? What were their ages?
How many were injured?
Does this mean that the tornado went through a school or school zone?
Why would the classroom setting have changed the death toll?
In what way is he obsessed?
How would he be able to prevent a tornado? 
Have these designs been tested?
How is this strength measured? 
What is the name of the architecture company? 
Any is vague 
How many farms is there across the country?
how can they guarantee?
Not needed to but his location just say immigrant kind of confusing
what is the difference?
is he knowledgable?
How much money is the rotting crops costing the farmers?
do bugs eat it?
Why was Barack Obama under pressure to change a central piece of his counterterrorism strategy?
why was he under pressure?
Why is he placing new restrictions?
What are the new restrictions?
What are the new restrictions?
Why would he order drone strikes around where troops are?
Do drone strikes accidentally hit unintended targets?
Will innocents be killed?
How did this newly codified rule book come to be?
what does codified mean?
How will they be able to make sure they follow the new rule book?
Who will author the rule book?
How do you decide who poses a continuing and imminent threat?
meaning soon?
What were some of the reasons leading up to this new policy?
"How is \""a continuing, imminent threat\"" different than a \""significant threat?\"""
which rules?
Why couldn't he be named?
Why are the heralds fading?
WHY ARE THEY DISAPPEARING?
Why are these types of amphibians disappearing and not other amphibians?
Whats is causing them to disappear at an alarming rate? 
Which universities?
How are they more widespread and severe than first thought? 
WHAT RATE DID THE SCIENTIST PREVIOUSLY THINK BEFORE?
How are the researchers determining that the numbers of environmentally sensitive amphibians are declining?
How are the critters losing ground? 
HOW ARE THEY LOSING GROUND?
What factors are determining the loss of the spring peepers? 
WHEN DID THEY BEGIN VANISHING?
Are these natural wetlands or were the wetland created by artificial means?
Why was the finding surprising? 
WHY WAS IT A LITTLE SURPRISING?
Why was this surprising considering global warming?
What did they find that was surprising?
What is dry farming?
What has changed that there is a resurgence now?
Why did it ever fall out of favor?
"Why only some, and which ones?"
What is dry farming?
How is it risky?
why is it risky?
What are the risks?
Why is it simple and risky?
why is this technique used?
"How does this work, when the rainy season is so short?"
Why is it not for the faint of heart?
why use it then?
Why isn't it for the faint of heart?
"What exactly constitutes as a \""dry winter\""? No rain at all? only a little rain?"
What category was it at that time? 
how many do they get?
Why did they not make it mandatory to evacuate?
Why is Andrew so infamous?
Does Oklahoma have a tornado siren?
Why did they only get 16 minutes of warning?
how much less time?
Do people usually have more time to prepare?
Why is there so little time?
what is a parlor game?
What are their choices?
What is a parlor game?
"What are \""cons\""?"
Why is it over?
What is exactly meant by crippled?
Why is the Kepler crippled in space? 
Why is the lifetime ending?
What discoveries?
What discoveries have been made so far/
How will the Kepler continue to make discoveries? 
How are more discoveries still coming?
What is this planet called?
How much data has been collected so far?
Who are the scientists?
How will researchers search for the data? 
What is the Kepler?
How fr away are these stars?
Why is the suicide rate so high in Indian Country? 
Why is the youth population being affected more than other populations?
why so high there?
What month is being referred to?
What is the cause of this increase?
which ethnicity are they?
Which tribal leaders?
How are the tribes fighting back? 
What does the Native Aspirations Program do?
How much money is being allocated for the training?
where is colville?
How has the program helped the 65 tribes? 
What is the biggest killer of native youth?
Is there any evidence that has been shown to prove that the grant has helped the tribes?
Why did they schuss down Malam Jabba's powdery slope on homemade pine skis?
Why are boys using homemade skis? 
What happened to have it go out of business?
How long has such diversity gone on in the Switzerland of Pakistan?
How did the Taliban temporarily take control of the Swat Valley?
How did the Taliban take control of the valley? 
Why did the Taliban burn down schools? 
WHERE IS THAT?
Which french painter?
Where in the West Virginia panhandle?
is that a painter?
How did he paint with a napkin?
Who was his mistress?
what type of mystery?
Who are the characters involved?
what is a dowager?
What is Antiques Roadshow? Everyone may not know.
"How exactly are the high school seniors \""cruising?\"""
Does this mean not working as hard at school? Or do teachers/schools ease up on them as they get closer?
cruising in a car?
Why can't this individual cruise?
Why can't Maceo Rucker-Shivers join the other seniors?
who is he?
How is his class work and after-school job preparing him?
Is he a senior?
How common is this scenario in this area?
Does this company pay for other students' tuitions?
they cant get him into a university?
Why is the program so competitive?
How has Rucker-Shivers been showing his supervisors that he is a hard worker?
How does this relate to high school performance?
is he able to bring it?
Why are scientists scheming? 
What scientists are working on this?
Who are the scientists?
why is it spinning?
"Why do scientists want to pluck, push and park a spinning asteroid?"
Who pays for this budget?
Is there a timeline to get to Mars?
which mountain was that?
Why is the goal to rendezvous? 
How will NASA Ames Research Center contribute?
What constitutes a large asteroid?
would we go in a pocket?
How could an asteroid play us like a billiard ball?
Why is their trip controversial?
Why was their trip controversial?
What are people-to-people culture tours?
Why did their trip stoke public interest?
Why was this trip considered controversial?
Why is Cuba considered forbidden?
Why was the trip controversial?
How are these inquiries and bookings being made?
Why have there not been tour groups in the past?
0
Why did the debate get heightened?
What is the nature of this debate?
Why is there a debate about a tour group?
Who is the sport fisherman?
"Why is \""yeehaw\"" a sport?"
why were they yelling?
Why did it work?
How was it used?
what is a chum?
Who was the fight between?
which fight?
Who were the six men?
Are the men staying on water for days at a time?
What is their destination?
WHO WAS FILMING?
What is the reality show about?
Why were protesters rallying here?
Why were the protestors protesting against the government?
with the big mosque?
Why are they protesting?
Why did they fire tear gas?
What kind of injuries were experienced by the protesters?
 How many were arrested and injured?
when will they leave?
Where is the Besiktas district?
What was offensive about the building project?
Why were they protesting this building project?
what are the government's policies?
on which website?
Are there any current efforts aimed at improving the warning time?
What was the size of this tornado?
What was the year this took place?
How long did the tornado last?
How much distance did the tornado travel?
When did that change?
How has technology and predictably improved over time?
Which meteorologists?
How many meteorologists have lost their lives in this effort?
What have they done to bring the time up?
What measures are being taken?
What constitutes freewheeling exploration? 
Why may they not be patented?
Why would someone want to patent a natural human gene?
What aspects of the decision are a mixed bag? 
Which companies were the major players affected?
How can this decision give both advantages and disadvantages to pharmaceutical companies?
What are the usual standards for patents?
Which other justices agreed with Justice Thomas's decision?
How does something qualify as complementary DNA? 
How does one legally distinguish natural and unnatural? 
15
Who was closely watching this case?
What is the background patent that was originally filed?
What DNA was Myriad Genetics attempting to patent?
Why is heading the ball a key skill? 
What was the study? Who put the study on?
Why do other sports garner more attention for TBI?
How do they stay on the sidelines?
What research? Sources?
Why are these injuries beyond belief for many people? 
Why is it beyond belief?
Why hasn't Lipton headed a ball for so long?
How long ago was that?
What was the subject of the keynote address?
12
SHOULD he have??
Sustainability of what?
Was Greg Page rumored to using child labor?
There are no laws or regulations that protect people against abuse?
Why was nothing done about this?
"Who is doing the forcing? And, for that matter, the abducting?"
How often are the surveys done?
What kind of corporate-backed attempts are there?
"This sounds intentionally vague, as if the corporations want to look like they're trying without actually doing anything. (Sorry, not a question!)"
"Where is Michelle Secor watching closely from? (i.e., from her tv or live at the game?)"
Who is Michelle Secor?
Who will the Chicago Blackhawks be playing against?
who did she say it to?
Who is your home team?
What was the name of the bar?
is that in chicago?
What city is she referring to?
What were you born into?
What made you become hooked on hockey?
What is the most exciting part of a hockey game to Michelle?
why does this matter?
What are the numbers in hockey viewership related to minorities?
What sport is she devoted to?
What is a sapling?
What is a sapling?
Why has the society been ravaged by violence?
What does the word 'nascent' mean?
What is the meaning of nascent?
Why has this society in Afghanistan been scarred by decades of violence?
What caused Ayob to become an orphan?
high school costs money?
How has scouting helped Ayob feel this way?
what is scouting?
What is it about scouting that takes away Ayob's worries?
At what age do boy scouts age out of the program?
what kind of uniform?
Why does the uniform make Ayob feel proud?
What is the endangered status of the chimpanzees?
How will the government protect chimpanzees?
What kind of protections are already in place?
What are the steps taken to protect the animals?
How will animals be better safeguarded? 
how would they be used?
How do they feel that they have not safeguarded the animals?
What do they think about the use of chimpanzees now?
a negative change?
Which medical institutions?
"Why is \""fish\"" in the name \""U.S. Fish and Wildlife service? It should just be Wildlife as that contains fish."
are they endangered?
What action has been taken?
Why are only wild chimpanzees listed as endangered and the captive ones aren't?
what is the difference?
Why are captive chimps considered to be threatened?
is this prohibited?
Why had he been hiding it before this?
Why would surveillance drones be used in the U.S.?
How were surveillance drones used in the United States?
What other factors are there?
Why is the program controversial?
did he say how many?
What were the US investigations?
what are her credentials?
What protections would be appropriate in surveillance drone work?
why is it the greatest threat?
How are they threatening?  Are the drones armed?
Why is it the greatest threat to privacy?
how so many?
Will this treatment be covered by insurance?
What is the leading physicians orginazition?
how is it stigmatized?
How many physicians participated? 
What would the treatment consist of?
Why did they reject the advice?
is obesitry a disease?
Would the patients premium go up?
Why was he unsuccesfull?
What method did the farmer use to convert manure into energy?
how does that work?
Did the farmer offset the cost of the installation of the $1 million renewable energy system?
What are retrofits?
Why did he shut it down?
what is a retrofit?
What was the amount of pollutants the system emitted?
Which new company will replace his current system?
Who is the new company?
How does the new system filter off pollutants compared to the original system?
Which California dairy farmers built the systems?
How do they convert manure into power?
how long ago exactly?
How does a methane digester work?
Why was this state susceptible to flooding?
What caused India's flood?
How many survivors were the rescue team able to find so far?
Why were people making pilgrimage to this area?
there are still pilgrims?
Why were the pilgrims believed to be trapped?
How does this approach serve the victims?
what is war footing?
"What is meant by \""war footing\""?"
"What is a \""war footing?\"""
How were the road links destroyed?
Why would going to a lower elevation by climbing down be a good idea during flooding?
on which channel?
Was it up in the mountains?
Which Brazilian cities?
Why 100 Brazilian Cities?
What specifically happen unjust?
Which cities?
is it a small town?
Which cities?
Which Brazilian news agencies?
Where did this happen?
what was she going to do in japan?
What was the trip for?
what have they achieved?
kids dissect frogs?
How old is he now?
where in mexico?
Why did he cross the border?
Who is he?
Why did he not go to school?
Why did he not go to school?
Why might they be shut out?
why is he shut out?
What is the name of this program?
Why did he not get his high school diploma?
What trees?
What kind of bugs are in the trees?
What kind of bugs?
What type of bugs?
are they everywhere?
Why are there bugs everywhere?
What kind of bugs?
How did the bugs die?
Where did the shells come from?
Why are there bug shells there?
How large is this bug?
who is he?
Why is the live bug on John?
What would happen to his neighborhood if all 300 were to multiply in his yard?
Why would Kempf want 300 bugs in his yard?
How did he collect all of those bugs?
what was the headline?
What is the most common pet in China?
What did the headline say?
Where is the southern resort?
Why did it die?
Which resort?
cause of death?
Reported by who?
Who could they have called in this situation?
In which parts of China?
What did they smuggle the paws in?
How much would one pay for a bear claw in China?
Who are the activists?
which friday?
Is this a legal festival?
"What does \""table-bound\"" mean?"
What does it mean for them to be unlicensed or licensed?
Are they butchered purely to sell the meat?
what is it called?
What are the numbers?
What are the numbers
Who are the scientists working on a cure?
What work is being done to find a cure?
how soon can it happen?
"Why are these other studies waiting on this one? If there are other things that could be done with stem cells, shouldn't they be being studied in parallel?"
is this a good plan?
How many US senators are there?
Do they get a green card or citezship?
What are these steps?
Why do they control the House of Representatives?
Does this requre the presidensts imput?
Why are changes being made to immigration law now?
What are examples of momentous occasions?
When was the last time they had a momentous occasion?
How many were in attendance?
What school were they from
What organization sponsors the United We Dream campaign?
Why was he being welcomed home to Senegal?
Where are they being welcomed home to?
WHY WAS HE EAGER TO WED?
WHY IS 'Esmatullah STILL WAITING?
waiting for what?
WHAT IS WALWAR?
what is it?
What is the custom walwar?
WHEN IS THE MONEY PAID? BEFORE OR AFTER THE WEDDING?
what is cold cash?
WHAT ARE THE MEANS OF WORKING CLASS AFGHANS?
why so much?
How did the wildfire start?
How did they die?
where they trapped because of wind or communications failure
What was the fire that caused so much life loss in 1933?
How many firefighters in total battled this fire?
How did they die specifically?
Was this a normal wildfire or was this unexpected for the area?
Are there any emergency recovery protocols for this type of circumstances?
was there no PAR in place?
How much of the town was burned down?
How long were they missing?
How much of the town was burnt?
How much of the town was burned down?
What percentage of these were residential?
What kind of structures were lost? Were they large buildings or peoples homes?
Were these all residential structures?
What were their qualifications to be given the title of an elite unit?
Why did they not grieve in person at the local FD?
Why is this unit of firefighters elite?
"What requirements makes a unit \""elite\""?"
What is the name of the Fire Dept?
Which social media outlet was used?
What is the governors name
Who is the governor of Arizona?
What is the GOV name?
how many hallways?
What kind of research saved her life?
What research?
What type of research saved Emily's live?
how long has that been an organization?
What is the Family Advocacy Day?
"What is Family Advocacy Day, and what does it work to accomplish?"
What work is being done?
Why are all hospitals not members?
are there better examples?
Why is her treatment a primary example?
How is a sequester leading to funding cuts?
who is grollman?
Why is an absence of therapies a disadvantage?
How is Egypt's presidency decided and how long is their term?
Which villages and cities?
has it always been troubled?
"I may just need coffee but I don't understand this. Did they hold rallies FOR his rivals, or OTHER rallies AGAINST this President?"
Why are more nations experiencing this phenomenon?
"Not a question but it should be lit the Sunday night sky, not lighted. Why would there be fireworks if people hate him?"
Were there any severe cases?
but it wasnt fireworks?
Is the Brotherhood a very extreme fundamentalist organization?
How much is the tuition?
Why wasn't his mother working?
Why did Gray want to be close to New York? 
Why did he want to be close to NYC?
What college did he dream of attending?
Why did he want to be close to NYC?
How did he deal with it?
Where is Drexel University?
why would they know this?
How does the Statue of Liberty know this better than a human?
How does it get separated?
What is Sandy?
did it return?
"Was the statue closed just to visitors, or to all?"
What were the other two for?
When and why were there other closures?
was it evening?
Why does this cause Luchsinger grief?
Is he a history buff?
Why is Jeff fidgetting?
Why does Gettysburg make Jeff Stocker fidget?
Why was Gettysburg mentioned?
Why is Jeff Stocker wearing an Abraham Lincoln tie?
I wonder how old he is?
What is making him smile?
Why did Jeff Stocker smile?
How well groomed is his goatee?
"Does he mean it looks visually different, or that the battle was different than other battles?"
Why does Gettysburg look different?
How does Gettysburg look different?
Doesn't this have a positive connotation?
How does he see Gettysburg as ethereal?
What happened to make Gettysburg smell different?
Why is Gettysburg ethereal?
Who is the aircraft regarded as safest by?
What made the jet one of the safest? 
where is the company basked out of
Where does Asiana Airlines fly?
What was wrong with the aircraft?
what type of accident occured that resutled in no fatalities.  
When did this major accident happen?
What caused Flight 214 to crash? 
why did it crash after touching down
What caused the crash?
Was the flight crew aware that something was wrong with the aircraft before landing?
How did the aircraft go down?
what caused the plane to crash
"If two people died, why weren't condolences offered?"
How many passengers were on the aircraft?
How will technical assistance be provided? 
"what speed, whether conditions, ice etc would paint a better picture.  "
What does Boeing mean by technical assistance?
how did the clash start and how started it?
are these reliable sources?
What were the protests about?
who are these officials exactly?
what was the reason security forces raided encampment?
which former leader?
does he have a lot of supporters?
why were they camping at that spot?
in exchange for what?
what were the specifics of the military coup?
Why was he arrested?
why were they not available?
how reliable are these sources?
Which Muslim Brotherhood officials?
is that a popular district?
How does seaweed make a beach vacation better?
How can seaweed make a vacation better?
add to what?
Why so many tons of seaweed?
Hundreds of what?
why so much?
What were the strands on the boy?
Does seaweed look like cotton candy?
What is the one bathing beach?
which city?
Why were the men flinging mounds of algae into a front-end loader?
Why are men working on the beach wearing swim briefs?
"What is an \""arrested landing\"" mean?"
What is a bat-winged drone used for?
Why was the landing arrested?
they have those?
"How could the flight of \""Salty Dog 502\"" redefine naval aviation?"
In what way?
Does that mean man aircraft will no longer be using them?
What was a White House Gala?
Who are these guests?
why so many courses?
why were the guests eating with their fingers?
Why were they eating with their fingers?
Why with their fingers?
why no silverware?
what was served?
Why was he snubbed?
why was he snubbed?
Who performed this study?
What caused all of this pollution?
Why is the air pollution so heavy in the south of China? 
Who was the study conducted by?
Which 145 locations experienced the mortality? And how did the results compare with the air quality findings?
What were the findings of the air quality measures?
how is it measured?
What did these other studies find?
Is it possible to quantify loss of life due to air pollution?
How can loss of life in China be quantified? 
did the attempt work?
What have they sacrificed?
What were the results?
which monday?
What was this policy?
What is a Mao-era economic policy?
How is the economic policy arbitrary? 
is the north worse?
Why does Britain have a decidedly baritone voice concerning money?
is baritone loud?
What is a baritone voice?
What does baritone mean?
Why is it a scandal?
Who are the many that say it is a scandal?
In what year did this take place?
What does orator mean?
what is this word?
What does pugnaciously mean?
Why has it riled thousands of women?
Why are women upset?
he eats cigars?
Why do they quote Jurassic Park here? The Tyrannosaurus rex didn't become popular due to that move alone.
Where did the paleontologists get this information?
Was Steven Spielberg a paleontologist? What makes him to believe that the T. rex acted the way it did in the movie?
Which paleontologists?
"Why is this \""further\"" supporting its reign?"
What does the Cretaceous food chain look like?
What's the evidence that they found?
Which scientists?
What is the crown of a T. rex tooth?
Where was the location of where they found this?
Why are they unlike?
What is an Allegheny woodrat?
why are they different?
"Why is the word \""rat\"" in the Allegheny woodrat's name if it isnt like the common rat?"
How much do they weigh?
are they leaving new jersey?
How can a human tell that a rat looks jolly?
What does their diet consist of?
Why isn't the woodrat common from New England to Alabama anymore?
where is bergen?
Why did the woodrat move to the suburban location they are currently in?
Why are they cut off?
How has the human population effected its natural habitats?
why are they inbreeding?
do they always convene there?
What do these laws do to expand the concept of self-defense?
Which law?
Why wan't the stand-your-ground law raised at George Zimmerman's trial?
how was he caught?
What issue?
What kinds of laws encourage violence and how?
What do these laws do to encourage violence?
How does the stand-your-ground law encourage violence?
were any not applauding?
What's wrong with Nelson Mandela's health?
What is he being treated for?
How and why do the people see Mandela as a bringer of freedom?
for how long?
what is a vuvuzelas?
Why is South Africa associated with noisy vuvuzelas?
What are vuvuzelas?
are those instruments?
How did people get and spread the idea to do these tributes?
What cause his lung infection?
how long ago was it?
Why is Mr. Choun struggling to explain how he ended up in Cambodia?
Who is Ros?
Why was he there?
What is the Russian government doing?
"What is meant by \""raise the idea\"", and how is the person's intention known?"
what is the difference between the two?
Who's request?
did he deny?
Who requested an interview?
How long was he a fire fighter?
Why does he need to fight racial injustice?
How is Gerald Marion fighting racial injustice now?
How did he get involved with the political fray?
What breaking point did he reach?
What did Marion do in relation to the George Zimmerman decision?
Was Marion working in a professional capacity when he acted out regarding the jury's decision?
"What kind of buisness does would the City Council of Englewood, NJ have in Florida?"
What other states have stand-your-ground laws?
"How much business does Englewood, NJ do with businesses in the state of Florida? Is the boycott a realistic request of the Council?"
Does Marion now view himself as a racial activist now in light of his request of the City Council?
Why is the debate overheated?
Who are the animal advocates?
Why would the debate get hotter if the government agreed to take fewer horses from the land?
Who or what is its?
How are they going to manage that?
Why would the animal advocates be opposed to this?
Why is that too many horses?
Too many for what?
What are they questioning about it?
What do they do with the removed animals?
What agency?
What has caused this decline?
How will these affect cattlemen like McCan?
What is this level?
Why is the country of origin a common concern?
How would labeling packages help the consumer?
why does it matter?
segregate in what reference?
Why would it matter where the cattle were born?
Would this be required for the labeling process?
is he right?
Why is that sort of handling effort so expensive?
Would it really cost this much to label meat?
What constitutes a luxury item?
does anyone want this?
What type of violence is included in this often violent slum?
How would social justice and reaching out to the poor help to decrease violence?
are the efforts of the hard working people going to really help to create a more just world when all of the people of the world aren't involved in the effort?
How does one remain insensitive to the world's inequalities?
is any one group solely responisible for these inequalities?
arent a lot of people insensitive?
Where is this based?
Is there an age limit?
Are these war veterans or people who have flown fighter jets before?
Why do they need 130 veteran military aviators for a nine-year commitment to fly fighter jets?
For the military? For a private company?
Why such a big range?
Why is this range so dramatic?
Why is there such a gap in pay?
What is the deciding factor in how much you are paid?
What are the benefits?
What specifically do these benefits look like?
"What are the \""Good benefits\""?"
Why is the bonus so high?
Why did they not include further contact information? 
How do you contact the Us Air Force?
What did the previous salary package look like?
What's the reason for the shortage of Air Force fighter pilots?
Why are they short?
How did dinosaurs almost bankrupt the tooth fairy?
how did they do that?
What did the dinosaurs do to cause the tooth fairy to almost become bankrupted?
How did they bankrupt the tooth fairy?
How did this new research come to be? 
How did nine back up teeth fit in their mouth?
how did they have so many teeth?
What does the tooth fairy do with the teeth when she gets them?
Who conducted the research?
Why were sauropods the real royalty?
did they have more teeth?
Why were the sauropods considered the real royalty?
Why was it previously known as a Brontosaurus?
when did the name change?
How are they able to tell a sauropod would be 100 feet long or more?
How many vertebrate did the Apatosaurus have?
What kind of sharks on the edge of the Bay?
do they really?
What type of shark?
Where do leopard sharks come from?
are they dangerous?
What is the average size of a leopard shark?
What specifically makes it a better environment for these animals?
what is a heron?
Which scientists?
Who is the enemy Bradley Manning was found not guilty of aiding?
What is the case about?
What actions of his led to this charge and trial?
How were the documents leaked?
why did the debate start?
What prompted him to leak these documents?
how did he get so many?
Why would Manning deliver classified information to WikiLeaks?
What were these other charges?
How has it taken this long to reach a verdict on this particular charge?
When will this take place?
which way is she leaning?
What are the potential sentencing lengths for the crimes he was convicted of?
is it a really bad crime?
What is a swan boat?
How many wars are ongoing in Afghanistan?
Why is the happiest swan boats?
why does here ?
Do they have sails or engines?
How many boats can fit out at once?
why does this matter?
what meaning ?
where is it ?
Has this been scientifically proven?
How did this belief start?
whicjh one ?
Do people drink from this lake?
"On average, how many different vitamins and minerals are in a serving of freshly pressed juice?"
Which types of juice did they bring?
they bought juice?
In which country is Jamba Juice based?
When did this trend start?
are they a big company?
What another category that takes up a large portion of their sales?
Why is the envelope 12 feet wide?
What is it?
What is the purpose of the helium filled plastic envelope?
"Why is there radio gear, processors and solar panels in the envelope?"
how much is a payload?
Why was it carrying this sophisticated gear?
How did Google come up with this experiment?
using helium?
What parts of the world?
Why is the experiment considered offbeat?
Why is this a hard problem to solve?
What makes the problem so hard?
Which other developing regions?
how do they beam it?
What other regions?
How can sophisticated equipment be low-cost?
"How new is \""relatively new\""?"
Which social commentators have made this suggestion?
Why has the heat hypothesis not been investigated until recently?
What are some of the steps that scientists have taken early to quantify the potential influence of climate warming on human conflict?
How does Major League Baseball fall into the category of human conflict?
Who are the three researches at the University of California?
which three?
How do the other heat hypothesis studies present their data?
"How would they know that the episodes of interpersonal violence, murder, assault, rape and domestic abuse could increase by as much as 16 percent? Because of climate change?"
How was the 16 percent figure determined?
What is the causal evidence that is being referred to?
Which Muslim countries?
How was the NSA collecting data?
Which countries?
Why did the US close these embassies?
Why did they close U.S. embassies in 21 Muslim countries?
Which talk shows?
were they indirect?
Who is warning of these threats?
what would be unusual activity?
Which African nations?
which nations?
Why did they add four African nations to the list?
Which nations?
Why are they keeping them closed if there is no violence?
Why would embassies in 16 countries remain closed?
how frequent?
Why would they reopen state departments in places where there have been frequent terrorist attacks?
Why would they open those posts if there are frequent atacks?
What is her situation?
Supply for home or elsewhere?
Why has she gone without food?
why is she low on food?
How many days?
Is Beth a single mom?
Why does Beth have to go days without food?
What is the friend's name that was arrested and what is his/her relationship to Beth?
Why was she stealing food?
which friend?
Why was a friend stealing food?
What is the reason?
What has put her in a bind?
what is it then?
What has put her in this bind?
What is the disability?
which disability?
Where is the father of the baby?
What disability?
Why are they facing this predicament?
how can it be solved?
Do you mean disabled mothers?
How do these substances compare to the ones used by others?
What were the performance enhancing substances that he was using and was he using them before?
is he a yankee?
What substances were they?
What was the longes suspension prior to this one?
Again how does this compare with the other scandals of substance abuse?
Who was Rodriguez going to surpass to be baseball's all-time home run king?
did he use steroids?
Why was he expected to become this?
Who holds this title at the current moment?
How has the clinic been punished for its part?
Is anything going to happen to the clinic now that they've been caught?
which other players?
What were the substances?
Who are the twelve other players?
What are the chances of other players on the all-time list doping?
Why is he allowed to play while he appeals the ban?
How is he allowed to do that?
Who are the other four players and in what order?
How did Rodriguez have a serious hip injury? Was it during game?
how did he get injured?
How long ago was the first hip injury?
How was the story discovered?
Why has the story been untold?
Which two universities are the archaeologists and historians from?
is it a real hill?
"Why is the settlement named \""The Hill\""?"
from the hbo show?
How old are the findings from the Easton dig?
What about granting asylum made Obama cancel his trip?
Why did he cancel his trip?
What is the meeting about?
Why was he granted asylum?
what was the decision based on?
What other factors led to the decision?
What else was the decision based on?
Why was a review being conducted initially?
What other issues holds valued cooperation?
What is the New start treaty?
How did he escape?
is he making a joke?
Why was it more like Willy Wonka?
How did Leon Prochnik escape from the Nazis?
what year was he 6?
Where did they flee to?
Who helped them escape?
Who all was smuggled out?
what was the company name?
Who smuggled Leon Prochniks family out of Poland?
How did nobody catch him when he had to have been licking himself for such a long time?
would he get sick?
How was no one looking?
Are there more details about this individual?
How were the tests exhausting?
What is the age of Noah?
What was complicated?
What were they and how were they complicated?
What was complicated?
What are his usual tasks?
Why does Noahs brain hurt.
What is Noah's task and how does is relate to his headache?
Why does his brain hurt?
What is the standard level of functioning?
Why does Noah's mind need to be evaluated?
Would people without ADHD be affected by this?
What game is he playing more of?
Why will it improve and what is the context of improve in this case?
What side was she on?
why was she there?
Why was Lizbeth Mateo locked in a federal detention center over protesting?
"Who are the \""Dream 9\""?"
how long will it take her?
how old is she now?
What has been the government's response to this statistic?
how long had she been texting?
What are the steps for obtaining a driver's permit in the U.S. as a teenager?
What was the more proactive tack?
what did she do?
How does the app work and how does it stay operational during driving?
What's the app do?
What would the app do specifically?
How has the public and the government supported this?
What was relentless scourge?
What does it do to combat texting and driving?
What makes this different from a regular weather model?
What company made the supercomputer?
How will this computer improve the predictions?
How does this specifically help?
How does it work?
are they new?
How will this be determined?
How does one understand the structure of a storm?
what are his credentials?
What is an intensity forecast?
how accurate it is?
What are the cracking sounds?
what cracking sounds?
Why would the windows blow out?
Why would the ground sink beneath the resort?
was it an earthquake?
What caused the sinkhole?
were they compensated ?
what is an edifice?
why was he called?
"What exactly is a \""Space Age capsule?\"""
why is it space age?
What is the Space Age capsule for?
How does the capsule move? 
How did I get from LA to the Golden Gate Bridge in about a half an hour?
is it a train?
Why are you in sight of the bridge?
How did Musk revolutionize online payments?
how is he doing it?
How does solar power work to fuel this transit system?
How would the lines work with existing interstates?
In what sense would this line feel like an airliner?
"What sort of line is this? Is this a train line, subway, or something else?"
"Would the line be built directly along the interstate, above, or below it?"
HOW DID THE NOISE NOT DISTURB THE RESIDENTS?
Why were goats bleating?
Why were there goats bleating?
WHY ARE THEY KNOWN AS ECO GOATS?
why 70 exactly?
HOW OFTEN ARE THEY EATING THE TREES?
Which invasive species?
Wouldn't the goats eating the trees cause them to fall too?
WHAT CHEMICALS DO THEY NOT WANT TO USE?
is that smart?
HOW MUCH IS THE FEE?
how many miles is that?
What is counted change raising sea levels?
What are the facets of climate change that are causing these things?
How is it helping globally warming?
Why is global warming helping redwood trees?
How does global warming actually help redwood trees?
How comes there is no decline in growth rates?
"Could it still be happening, regardless of the lack of evidence?"
How can sites be showing increasing growth rates?
Could these increases be related to something other than climate change?
Why do trees prefer warmer temperatures?
Is this related to climate change?
"Why was President Mohammed Morsi \""ousted?\"""
What caused the ashes and the stationed military tanks to appear?
Why did the thousands of people leave?
Why is the government bulldozing where President Mohammed Morsi used to live?
What religion is responsible for the holy month of Ramadan?
why is it gone?
Why are the hallways charred?
Why are the hallways charred?
How did the military take charge again?
How many lives were lost during the 2011 uprising?
what happened in 2011?
Was Egypt a democracy when President Mohammed Morsi was in power?
why not more?
Why do people not talk about democracy anymore?
Which scientists?
Where did they unearth this strong evidence?
What type of tools did Neanderthals fabricate?
What are lissoirs?
Will these new discoveries be placed in a museum for the public to see?
what do they look like?
What primary animal did Neanderthals use for bone fabrication?
How old are the tools?
Where were they found in Europe?
What were some of the tasks these bone tools enabled during that period?
What are lissoirs?
Where did they arrive in Europe?
When did modern humans arrive in Europe?
what are her credentials?
What are lissoirs?
Why did the U.S send drones to rain missiles on militants in Yemen?
what is less than a mile?
Why did the U.S. drop missiles in Yemen?
What kind of private use uses these killer drones?
what is a whirligig?
Was the Washington Convention Center packed with drones in order to protect the area?
Who are the organizers?
which organizers?
How many drone shows are there in the world?
Is the public allowed to attend?
How would a drone be able to sell real estate to people?
did it show correctly?
How do drones help with selling real estate?
Is this a yearly fair?
how can that be done?
Why are people afraid of drones?
Why is public afraid of drones?
Why was the New Jersey Governor reluctant to sign the bill prohibiting attempts to convert children form gay to straight?
is that weird?
Why did he claim to be reluctant?
What were the medical experts' position's who Christie weighed into the decision?
Which medical experts?
What exactly is the course of treatment that was looked at in patients?
what about actual suicide?
What are the statistics of the patients that suffered the health risks?
What are the benefits of the treatment?
did he also say it?
Has conversion therapy been banned in any other states?
Why is the class so small?
who are these women?
Why were they doing yoga at the Cook County Jail?
What other programs does Cook County Jail offer?
How do they determine who can take the yoga class or not?
prison inmates?
"Why do they have pink and gray uniforms, just for yoga?"
why does this matter?
How did they come up with the idea that yoga can help with rehabilitation?
Which nonprofit was involved?
Why do they have to claim this when they can prove it?
is the claim true?
What makes the car so safe compared to other vehicles?
What makes this car the safest car on the road?
How can this be tested if the car is not put into practice?
is that a new model?
How was the Model S tested for safety?
What did this testing involve?
why not return?
When was confirmation sought by federal officials?
How does a car receive a five-star rating from NHTSA?
How are the cars tested to determine their safety?
So what were the other factors that led it to being averaged out at 5.4?
is that the highest?
What qualities determines if a car gets higher than 5 stars?
How are the vehicles scored?
 what brand of cheddar goldfish?
How do I get money back from my purchase of Cheddar Goldfish?
Why should purchasers of a snack want a refund four years later?
What was the multimillion-dollar effort from South Florida?
"Is her campaign costing millions of dollars, or issue hoping to gain millions in compensation?"
are goldfish modified?
June 11th of what year?
What product is being sued and may become a class action status?
How has this been calculated?
who was damaged?
What is the consumable that this person is referring to consumers putting into their bodies?
"What, or where, is Weston?"
is he well known?
what was the name of the judge?
who is pfc?
Why did the Army judge sentence Pfc?
Why was Pfc sentenced? What does it stand for?
How did he orchestrate the leak?
How were these documents leaked?
how did he leak?
How was he able to do this?
What classified documents were leaked by Bradley Manning?
can he get parole?
How could Bradley Manning gotten a life sentence?
How was able to lower the punishment from a life sentence to 35 years?
What is the average amount of time that people get sentenced to for leaking classified documents?
Why did he acquit him?
Why was Bradley Manning acquitted his charges for aiding-the-enemy?
did he aid the enemy?
Why was Manning acquitted?
"What are the details of the previous \""aiding-the-enemy charge\"" that he was acquitted of?"
Why does Mark Zuckerberg want to bring the internet to poor people?
How would they do so?
How does Mark Zuckerberg plan to make Internet available for everyone?
Which of Mark Zuckerberg's peers are also promoting technology changing the world?
Who are the others?
Who else is promoting the power of technology?
Who are the critics?
Why do critics view this as a self-interest ploy?
How does this relate to his own self interest?
"Why did critics view Zuckerberg's announcement and plan as \""self-interest?\"""
What other efforts has Mark Zuckerberg been criticized for?
Why did his efforts run into criticism before?
"When was the first time, and what was it regarding?"
What other efforts were viewed as being made based off of self-interest?
How is it in Facebook's interest to get populations online?
How does this serve Facebook's interests?
How are new populations being helped to get access to the Internet?
What are the names of the researchers?
How were Sanford researchers able to unearth clues about the brain of autistic children?
What clues did the researchers unearth?
Why are autistic children's brains formidable?
Why were superior math skills found in autistic children in the Bay area?
How much better did the autistic children do than the other children. 
How were they different?
How different were the two brain scans?
In what way were the brain scans different?
The activity was different in what way?
How was the pattern of activity different?
How does Head Start aid poor children? 
is it a new program? 
How does the program prepare children for school?
Why will children be denied entry to Head Start? 
what is that?
What were estimated budget cuts?
Why were the budget cuts automatic?
Why was $400 million slashed from the program? 
Which federal program?
Why was the budget cut so big for a program that helped poor children?
what are her credentials?
Do they know who caused the sniper attack?
How did they get to the hospitals if they were just attacked by a sniper?
When was the sniper attack?
Why were chemical weapons inspectors coming in the first place?
Why was there uncertainty that the suburb had been attacked using poison gas?
Where was the sniper attack?
Why was there a gas attack?
who did they attack?
How did the sniper force the U.N to turn back to the capital? Did he start to shoot at them? Did he communicate?
Why did they initially force them to go back?
Was this the intended destination of the convoy?
what happens in the district?
How was the vehicle struck in such a way that no passenger was injured?
What type of ammunition was the sniper using? Where was the vehicle struck?
Where did they get a replacement vehicle?
Did the convoy face further challenges as they continued the mission?
Why weren't the specific details released?
Does this imply that future UN convoys will have safe passage?
Was the sniper attack the result of another ongoing conflict in the region?
why no specific details?
What camps were destroyed and damaged specifically?
How long have firefighters battled the blaze in total?
what is a rim fire?
Was the season cancelled due to continued threat or due to damage sustained in San Jose?
was anyone injured?
Which Berkeley officials spoke about the fire?
What is an example of the family's happy memory?
Is there hope that the camp will be rebuilt?
how many families live there?
What is causing the fire to continue growing?
is that fast?
What is this coalition about?
Who is Dr. Martin Luther King?
What was Obama's economic agenda?
What can they change about it?
What happened in 1963?
Who led this protest in 1963?
Why was it an iconic moment?
What other events were there?
What sort of events?
How do they have a chance to join a union?
How many gathered?
What sort of union?
Why are so many different kinds of people passionate about this?
in new york?
were they spanish?
what other stores?
How do they plan to spread out?
which cities?
What other cities will protest be taking place in?
What do hobby farms look like in that area?
What are hobby farms?
What's the niche that it holds?
Why are hobby farms considered niche?
which niche does it hold?
What makes it special?
What makes it special?
What did the Hopi Indians use them for?
how many tribes were there?
Why are urban teenagers involved in this?
how many teens?
Why did Disney leave the line area unshaded?
How long is that ride?
How many people can the tent accommodate?
Is there anything for parents to do while they wait?
What specifically was bad about the old way?
How big is the tent?
"Which other parks are making changes, and what are these changes like?"
How big is Disney World in Florida?
How much money are parks investing?
What are some other gripes guests have?
Is there an extra fee to get into the tent?
Are there any statistics about this?
Why did Obama postpone the missile strikes?
Why did they feel this way?
Where is the Zaatari refugee camp?
What reasons does the US have for striking?
Will it actually help?
What regime is Hafiz referring to?
is it the biggest city?
Why would he attack the camp if not attacked himself?
Why were the people happy with the US's decision to attack Zaatari?
why would they be happy?
What do the people want from the attack?
shouldnt they be worried?
Why were public murals banned for a decade?
"Would this \""street art\"" be similar to \""graffiti?\"""
who is interested?
Which murals best depict life during this time?
What was LA's involvement in the 1984 Olympics?
Why is Italy the mural capital of the world?
what are her credentials?
"Is Los Angeles really the \""mural capital of the world?\"""
Do they have to get permission first?
Why did the two councilpersons oppose this decision?
How could they think that such a stipulation could not spark outrage?
did they get in trouble?
Which magazine is Tamara de Anda an editor for?
what are her credentials?
how long has he led?
What proof is there that President Assad used chemical weapons?
What is his regime purported to have done with chemical weapons?
What does the word purported mean?
"When did the international standard come into being, and what was the impetus for this standard?"
Which other countries abide by the international standard?
what is a red line?
Why was the red line needed to be set by the world?
Why would Obama's credibility be on the line?
How would America and Congress's credibility be on the line?
How is Obama's credibility not on the line if he is part of America?
Who is President Obama's top environmental official?
How would Pebble Mine kill the salmon?
Who is the president's top environmental official?
Why would the pebble mine kill wild salmon?
why was she promoted?
how will she do that?
Why is there a debate over the mine?
where is bristol bay?
What are the sides of the debate?
What other mine would it surpass in size?
What is a moonshot?
What is a moonshot?
How was the launch unprecedented?
Why did this launch create such a sight?
Why was Virginia chosen as the location for the moonshot?
What was the equipment trouble?
What is LADEE?
What malfunctions occurred?
How will they resolve the issues?
What kind of equipment trouble did the spacecraft encounter?
What does the Ames Research Center Do?
Why is he confident this will be accomplished?
What other positions has S. Peter Worden held?
What is a reaction wheel?
Why was it spinning faster than anticipated?
How fast was the spacecraft spinning?
What is the current?
Was this expected or the malfunction?
How long did it take to shut the wheels down?
Who are the veterans of the tobacco wars?
Who is they?
"Who are considered \""veterans of the tobacco wars?\"""
Who is they?
Who has done all of this?
Which industry?
Which executives?
How was this trio formed?
Why did they think the product was so unhealthy?
Why was their ire not tobacco? 
What was the subject of their ire?
What did they find unsafe?
Why were energy drinks the target? 
How are energy drinks unhealthy or unsafe?
Why do the field commanders want to use chemical weapons?
Which German newspaper ran the report?
What weapons has Bashar Assad authorized?
How was the message intercepted?
Where did the sarin gas attack come from?
Why does the Obama administration blame Assad?
How did Assad respond to the blame?
is it correct to blame?
"Why would \""common sense\"" be considered to be evidence?"
What was the evidence against Assad?
is it not actually common sense?
How does he know that the material was used in Damascus?
Who is the leader of the opposition?
is that the capital?
Who is the guardian?
What was this concussion lawsuit about? 
which lawsuit?
What kind of difference?
How do these players know that the helmet makes a difference?
where is that?
What does turn your eyes green refer too exactly?
why does that happen?
What is the gold standard of phones?
was it successful?
Is the only difference that it's made of plastic?
is it northern california?
Which other competitors?
who are the competitors?
Why would making a cheaper phone help them compete with Samsung?
Where are the other areas?
china doesnt have money?
Does this apply to countries in Africa and other parts of Asia?
What are the other company's shares?
what other measures
how will they respond?
What were the recent diplomatic steps?
Why did he want to postpone the vote on legislation
Who are the congressional leaders?
where is that located?
who is then?
How will this make our own children safer?
What makes America different?
Why does it make America different?
0
What language do they love?
does xu like that?
Is there a fake Chinese?
how long have they been learning?
When did this take place?
Which two state lawmakers?
Why were they ousted?
When was he defeated?
was it really close?
Why did she lose so badly?
Who are these Republicans?
which republicans?
How many victims? How did the shooting occur?
which theater?
what is the black salt marsh mosquito?
How is a drone going to take on a mosquito?
WHY IS IT CONTROVERSIAL?
Why is it controversial?\n
How powerful is it?\n
Why is it inexhaustible?
who are the florida keys mosquito control district?
Why are black swarms so bad in Florida?
WHY IS IT NEXT GENERATION?
How big are the swarms?
Who is Gainesville?
what is an ospreys?
Why won't IS be equipped to spray or blast bugs?
Why can't it spray or blast?
How big are ospreys?
How long will the drones be able to last on one battery?
How prolific do they bite?
How do thermal cameras work?
WHAT DISTRICT?
WHAY IS THE BIRD SIZE EYE?
How can drones save money?
How do they accurately detect?
"Is the issue obesity, or a different health issue?"
What is Mexico's presidents' health issue?\n
Why is the president taking aim at sugary drinks?
Why is he taking aim at sugary drinks?
Does taxing statistically thwart purchases in that area?
What is the rate of obesity?
Why is the obesity rate so high in Mexico? 
Collect more revenue for what?\n
How will the tax code by fairer? 
How is the new tax code fairer and simpler?
Of what ethnicity is the family?
How old is the daughter?
What is the chosen venue?
What is the name of the hotel?
what is a gold problem?
Why is gold so important to Indian weddings?
What is the gold problem specifically?
they wear gold there?
Why is gold a key element of the Indian religion?
What makes gold the key element?
What country consumes the majority of global production?
why do they consume so much?
Do they trade gold with banks or with others in the family?
Has it always been a status symbol?
what does this mean?
What kind of currency is used in India?
How sharp of a drop?
How much higher?
Why was the decision made on 10%?
How did he invoke the rule of law?
When were the United States and Russia allies?
Why hasn't Vladimir Putin lost his edge?
Why hasn't Vladimir Putin lost his edge?
Why did Putin disagree with the speech?
What does American exceptionalism mean?
"Why is America a bully to others on an international level, according to Putin?"
Why did he disagree with President Obama's speech?
How has this trust between the two leaders grown recently?
Why is Obama willing to work with Russia now?
Why does he want to avoid force against Syria?
How will avoiding forces with Syria improve the atmosphere in international affairs?
How will it improve the atmosphere?
how do they know he has chemical weapons?
Why does the U.S. and Russia care what kinds of weapons Syria has?
is it too quick?
"Why is the timeline of the agreement \""ambitious\""?"
Why is it ambitious?
definition of this word?
How would the inspectors inspect the Syrian sites?
What government are the inspectors from?
which year?
"How is the agreement an important, concrete step?"
Why is it only a concrete step?
Who are the scientists?
Why was there debate among scientists?
Why was there months of heated debate?
What is Voyager 1?
How can a probe be bold?
How does space plasma density figure into the evidence?
What was the new evidence?
How can space plasma density predict the location of a probe?
What evidence was outlined?
Is that inside or outside the Oort Cloud?
Can the probe communicate with earth outside of our solar system?
Why did this man do this?
How did the man get guns into a heavily secured installation?
Why did the man launch the attack?
Why was he suicidal?
how was he killed?
Who are the investigators?
in which direction?
I can't say that this is a good sentence but I don't think anything needs clarifying
why was he homeless?
Why did Morrison become homeless?
Why was Curtis Morrison facing legal problems?
Why did Curtis Morrison decide to move to Seattle?
How did Curtis Morrison become homeless?
What kind of help did the Club offer? 
How is it a difficult transition from life on a reservation to city life?
How did he know that the Chief Seattle Club would be able to help him?
How did the Chief Seattle Club help Curtis?
How did the Club assist Morrison in getting medication? 
Is him not being able to stay sober what caused him to become homeless?
What didn't other places understand or know?
What kind of opportunities does Morrison have? 
How was it hard?
Who are the experts?
Why did it take 20 months to pry the wreckage from the rocks?
How did it end up wedged in the rocks?
is that short or long?
31
What might have caused it?
WHO WERE THE RESEARCHERS?
How do they know what unknown force it is?
What are the nebulae and are the stars near it?
What exactly is a nebula?
What does the expelling of these gases do to the environment of space?
WHAT ARE IN THE OUTER LAYERS?
"How is it known that carbon, nitrogen,and oxygen are in it?"
WHAT ARE SOME EXAMOLES OF THE COLOR?
How are they created?
When was this visit supposed to be held?
How does she know she had been spied on?
Why did the NSA spy on the president of Brazil?
Why is their a rift between the administrations to begin with?
What year was this?
Why did they plan a visit if there was already a rift between them?
of which year?
Who is the White House spokesman?
"What is meant to by \""downplay\""?"
What does it take for that to happen?
why are toasts needed?
what will he do about it?
Who is Eiji Toyoda?
Which country is Eiji Toyada from?
Where was he from?
Do they still own Toyota?
In what way?
How did the visit change the way Toyota produced cars?
Did Toyota Motor Corp. have a plant in America prior to 1950?
Is Eiji Toyoda the member of the manufacturing family?
How did he change the way?
What did he die of?
What was his cause of death?
Who is currently running his family business?
Did he write any books or were any books written about him?
How was Toyoda a visionary?
What invention is not human?
Why do gears seem to like a purely human invention?
are they not a human invention?
What sort of insects are planthoppers?
How could that mechanism be the powerful legs of an insect?
Why would the basic interlocking mechanism now turn up in planthopper insects?
what are those?
How did working gears evolve in a human body?
What study is this about and what were the discoveries?
why was he asked then?
In what way does this affect the insect's jumping abilities?
How evolved are these insects?
tortured by himself?
How old is the industrialist?
Who told the industrialist it was a fake Van Gogh?
Who pronounced the painting as the rel thing?
What is the name of the painting
Who told him it was fake?
Who pronounced the painting the real thing?
How did it get labeled as a fake in the first place if it's real?
What letters?
how is chemical analysis done?
Did the museum also possess the letters?
What chemicals were used in the analysis?
What makes them experts?
How did the letters help to prove the piece was authentic?
who is axel rueger
is it really that rare?
How long has he ben museum director?
How long has Alex Rueger been the director of this museum?
How many achievements has Van Gogh had?
What makes this painting great?
Who is he speaking about here?
Why was this a high point?
How was this a high point of Van Gogh's achievement?
is the yellow house popular?
Did he paint anymore paintings during tht period?
What are Stallion Medallions?
what is that?
How long was the video?
Why are they designated student leaders?
Who came up with this name?
does it work well?
What do they do with these medallions after they win them?
What other random acts would have an impact?
tickets to school plays?
What do the tokens look like?
Why did the gun man open fire at a basketball game?
Why do mass shootings keep happening?
why does this matter?
Why is Chicago so lawless?
what type of gun was used
what gun was used?
Why would someone attack a delicate place like a park?
they can tell from casings?
Why do they almost never use military style weapons?
Which neighborhoods are impoverished?
What impulse did she push aside?
Why did Campbell push aside the idea? 
why did she push it away?
Why did she push the impulse aside?
What is 'it' that would be a joke?
Why did she think it would be a joke? 
Why would it be a joke?
Who is the high school senior?
What statement is being made?
What statement would she be making? 
a statement against who?
What statement would the senior like to make?
What was she before she was a girl?
How often before this year?
is she not a girl usually?
Why this year?
"What does \""I'm a girl every day\"" mean?"
Which platform(s) did she rev up the social media campaign on?
Which social media sights is Cassidy revving up a campaign on?
Why do teens see this as a chance to shake up social norms? 
are transgendered not allowed?
Why do they have a need to shake up gender norms?
Why did it not take off on time? 
what happened?
What is a terra cotta warrior?
Why didn't the warriors march faster?
were they marching slow?
Why did it feel like the warriors could have marched faster?
Why was the flight delayed and canceled? 
What all happened to cause the 18 hour flight?
What caused the flight to be delayed?
What is the reason for the gridlock?
Why are China's skies in a state of almost permanent gridlock?
what does this mean?
Why are China's skies in gridlock?
What does permanent gridlock mean?
is that a website?
Why were only 17.8 percent of flights on time?
What was his first startup?
did he invent anything?
What is Silicon Valley?
What kind of tech?
What was his start up?
What was the name of his startup?
what did he notice?
"What is an example of a networking event, where would this be held?"
What did he notice and why was it jarring?
What was jarring?
What did he notice?
why does that matter?
What type of businesses were these entrepreneurs involved in?
Why was this a bothersome feeling for him?
Why is this number so low
Is it uncommon for the Latino community to venture out into business?
Are these numbers accurate?
Who are the Western diplomats?
Why did the Western diplomats walk out?
What changed to make the Western diplomats respect the Iranian president?
when will the end come?
Why would they applaud the Iranian president's speech this year?
How long was President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in office?
what is this word?
Why is the new Iranian president so willing to cooperate with Western diplomats?
why will they thaw?
What role did Iran play in the Holocaust?
Which officials in Georgia?
Why was this plea urgent?
Why did they want to add exercise towards the end of the year?
why was it so low?
How did this assessment measure the level of fitness.?
is that a terrible rate?
What tests did they take?
What was the criteria for passing?
What is the age range of students? Did 5th graders take the same test as 1st graders?
could they have track class?
Could this movement be any kind of movement or were there guidelines for movement.
exercise during class?
How would they enforce these programs? Were these programs a requirement?
What is the history behind the Eagle Scouts?
who is he ?
How many years had he been an Eagle Scout?
Which Collier is this referring to?
what is about Eagle Scout
Why will his son never be an Eagle Scout?
Why will his son not follow the family tradition?
Does leaving the Eagle Scouts mean that Collier's son will not be able to join them?
what is this ?
Why is Collier going to Trail Life USA?
Why is this alternative in demand?
What activities does the Trail Life troop engage in?
Trail Life troop meaning ?
Why would his son be able to do this alternative to Eagle Scouts?
Why does he prefer Trail Life to BSA?
What makes him so sure and how different are the two programs?
where is that ?
are they the biggest company?
What exactly did their policy entail?
How were they religiously intolerant?
is she a muslim?
How did they change their policy?
What was its look policy before this?
which state is this?
Why did she refuse to remove her hijab?
it was not allowed?
What about the rules made a hijab violate them?
Does the company have any other offensive policies?
Which earthquake are they referring to?
What are the isolated mountain communities?
which communities are those?
how did they get battered by the quake?
what kind of basic materials?
which materials?
What are the basic materials?
why would they blush?
Who is this?
"What does he mean by \""blushing\""?"
What would be so embarrassing as to make Randolph County blush?
What would Randolph County blush about?
What made them choose to ban this novel?
"Why would the school board ban \""Invisible Man\""?"
"Why does the school board want to ban \""Invisible Man\""?"
why is the book to much for teenagers?
"Why was this book deemed to be \""too much for teenagers?\"""
Why was there only a vote of 7 people?
Why is the subject matter of the book too much for an 11th grader?
23
Why was the board concerned about shaming the county?
What parts of their initial assessment of the book did the board reconsider?
What was the outcome of the special meeting?
Why was the residents outraged over something they fought for? Didn't they want the book to come back?
How did the residents display their outrage?
Who were the Syrian artist that was drawing collectors?
Who are the Syrian artists?
WHO WERE THE Syrian ARTISTS?
What gallery are the artworks in?
What civil war is the artist checking on?
WHAT IS SOME OF THE LATESTS SYRIAN GOSSIP?
What news outlets were the most credible in regards to the civil war?
"What is a \""cadre\"" of Syrian artists?"
Why did the artists need to be brought to safety?
What does cadre mean?
What is a Syrian refugee diaspora?
WHY DO THEY NEED TO REBUILD THEIR LIVES?
What is a diaspora?
Why does the Guld states present a paradox?
Why are they blocking refugees?
WHAT ARE THE TIGHT ENTRY CONTROLS?
"Why is the Gulf supportive of the rebels, but not the refugees?"
how did they do this?
Which scientists?
How was the earwax removed from the whale?
Why in 6 month chapters?
is this a company or government?
What are some of the pollutants they are referring to?
How does earwax describe lifelong biography?
What is a sentinel?
what is a sentinel?
what types of marine animals?
Why do they accumulate more contaminants than other sea creatures.
what kind of tissue?
What chemical clues are they looking for?
What is whale blow?
when is next week?
what would it do then?
Why won't it be?
Why would the government not actually shut down?
which agents?
would it be less agents?
What sort of agents?
Held in federal custody at what institutions?
would it arrive on time?
What sort of mail carriers? Are they referring to USPS?
why would they not get paid right away?
Why would they not get paid right away?
Which branches of the military? Are they referring to every branch?
Why is the government going to shut down?
Who is really to blame?
Why is midnight Monday the deadline?
which monday?
Why did they dismiss it?
Why are they going to veto?
whos quote is this?
Are you saying it is? How so?
why did zac lose a leg?
What calculations need to be done?
what is a myraid calculation?
Why are there calculations that go into walking?
How does it communicate with his brain?
What tricks?
How can the prosthetic limb communicate with Vawter's brain?
Was AI used or was it manually programmed?
wednesdays date?
Does this group of people have a proper name?
Where do they get their fabrics?
How have the fabrics made people discrimination targets? 
Why are the wearers discriminated against?
Were they targeted only because they were poor and/or indigenous?
Why does fabric cause discrimination?
How have the fabrics become haute couture? 
Did everyone agree to this?
What is causing the fabric to become stylish now?
How expensive are the new fabrics and products?
Are these products affordable for everyone?
What caused this embrace of indigenous roots?
What is a huipile?
Why are people now embracing the counties indigenous roots?
What reason(s) caused the panel to state this?
What kind of mental health problems?
why on the lookout?
What kind of mental health problems are the athletes experiencing?
should they be obligated to?
Do athletic trainers have training in mental health of athletes to help these students appropriately?
What are some examples of these mental illnesses and what can be done to identify them?
which year was higher?
What type of mental illnesses were most common?
Why are there so many college-aged people who have mental illness?
Do other institutions see these trends?
did they commit suicide?
What were the main issues surrounding this?
"How was the health care law in a \""battle?\"""
Why was his law contentious?
Why is President Obama's healthcare law so contentious?
How much does public opinion have an influence on the law?
How did the American people feel about the bill?
What is the reason for this and when will it be taking place?
Why would the government have a shutdown?
What does a government shut down entail?
Why would the government shut down?
How do lawmakers and the public view these main components?
Why will the government shutdown not affect Obamacare from going live?
What glitches does Obamacare have?
What specific ideology is this referring to?
What are their concerns revolved around?
What concerns do they have?
Why is North Carolina attempting to pass this law?
How would limiting early voting affect results?
How odes this affect minorities?
How does the measure discriminate against minorities?
How is partisanship affecting this dynamic?
When was the first time and what was it regarding?
when was the first time?
How did the measure in Texas compare to that in North Carolina?
What was the measure?
voters cant be identified?
What is the North Carolina lawmakers' justification for attempting to enact these measures?
Why are these measures troubling to people of color specifically?
Why is the photo id requirement considered restrictive?
How specifically do these measures create a potential imbalance in terms of racial representation?
Are the effects truly clear and unintended?
what are the intended effects?
Why are parts of the federal government shutting down?
How are they going to 'feel the pain'?
what is a swath?
Why was only part of the government shut down?
for how long?
Why only temporarily?
Why is the government short on funds?
when will that happen?
Why aren't taxes and other normal sources of government income sufficient?
"What is an example of \""political tennis\""?"
How are they invisible but also important?
what are they?
Why are some of the services that were furloughed considered invisible?
How far out into the Great Lakes have these debris been found and what was the previous distance in comparison?
why would caffeine and additives be found in the middle of the grea lakes
How are these chemicals getting into the lakes?
how were they found?
Why has there not been much previous research about this topic?
Which state are they talking about?
How rigorously are these things monitored in other areas of the country?
"Why did they think the lakes' volume would be enough, when PPCPs seem to be something people constantly dispose of? "
What is the dilution ratio?
Why are the findings so far from this expectation?
but it is not true?
What ratio does this come out to be?
is that a huge amount?
"Are these PPCPs harmful, and in what ways?"
Is this amound dangerous?
How do these chemicals affect the aquatic environment?
What are the specific countries?
how did these issues arise?
Why do they have such challenges?
Who are these leaders?
What was the context of this meeting?
monetary compensation?
What damage exists today for these people?
What are some specific ways this has impaired development options?
How has it impaired options for development?
where is this?
How specifically has it severely impaired them?
what did they see pictures of?
What does this have to do with apples?
14
What does emeritus mean?
What is the value of blue-sky research?
What is blue-sky research?
"What is \""blue-sky research?"
Who helped him in his research?
Why has it become so successful?
Why are those pieces the worlds most hallowed masterpieces?
Why are these masterpieces so hallowed?
since the 19th century?
How will thing look different?
How will things look different?
Why will things look a bit different?
what will be different?
"Who are Micky, Bart, and Bugs?"
Are they adding those to the gallery?
disney characters?
What are the lesser known works?
Why is it the most extensive animation show ever mounted?
Which lesser-known works?
Who are the industry pioneers?
"What is the difference between the industry pioneers, independent filmmakers, and contemporary artists?"
What foodborne illness?
Why was there a government shutdown?
What states?
which states?
How was the staff supposed to handle and prevent the spread of the outbreak?
why were they furloughed ?
what is a furlough?
Why such a little amount of working scientists? 
"If it hampered their ability to track down potentially deadly illnesses, why did they have such a little amount of scientists and staff?"
why only a handful?
Why are federal working on leave?
when will they return?
How have the states picked up the slack?
Why would they want to expose publishers?
What was the science paper about?
Who are the fee-seeking publishers?
Is there any legal action being taken against these perpetrators?
why is it quoted?
How big were these supposed fees?
what are his credentials?
why are they murky?
What does it mean that the players are murky?
Why are they afraid of revealing the evidence?
Why are the editors and financial workings obscured?
Which elder rights group?
How are the countries not prepared to support the elderly?
Why is the elderly population living longer ?
How exactly did they come up with the ranking system of the well-being of the elders?
Which factors put Afghanistan at the bottom of the socioeconomic scale?
why are they on bottom?
"In what ways can they help \""cope\"" with the population of the elderly?"
What can nations do to work more quickly?
How do they know that number of seniors will be more than the population of those younger than 15?
What research determines the projection that people older than 60 will outnumber children?
how do they know this?
Is Truong Tien Thao talking about social security?
Who is responsible for creating this safety net?
does he care?
How many short stories has Alice Munro written?
how is she a master?
What parts of rural Canada?
How old was Saul Bellow when he won the award?
is he famous?
What did Saul Bellow write?
Is Chekhov a persons name?
what is a chekhov?
Should another word be used here?
How many Nobel winners have there been in all of history?
are they usually long stories?
What are the names of the short stories Munro has written?
Who is the novel often described by?
How is healthcare reform a small concern for the Amish?
Why is the lack of healthcare reform of little concern to Pennsylvania's Amish communicty?
How has healthcare reform been bad for the nation?
why isnt it a larger concern?
Why would the Amish and Mennonites opt out of Obamacare?
What does the word eschewing mean?
What is the meaning of eschewing?
What other communities are considered exempt from the mandate?
Why isn't this provision well known?
What is it that the Amish reject?
"If it is not the health insurance that the Amish object to, then what is it?"
How do these communities insure themselves?
how do they do that?
What is the Amish health care system?
What are some similarities or differences between Amish health insurance and traditional health insurance?
Where does this health care come from?
why would he speak then?
What is a global watchdog?
What organizations put forth effort to eliminate chemical weapons?
What was the weapon that horrified nations?
what kind of weapon?
Why was the reaction polarized?
What was the reaction?
What does Syrians think the real cause of the war is?
What is a Syrian rebel?
Why would the Nobel be a vindication of President Bashar Assad's government?
why is it premature?
What was happening in this year that caused the OPCW to be formed?
what is opcw?
on which website?
Why is there a ban on female driving?
What is the Shoura Council?
why is it banned there?
Why is Saudi Arabia the only country where women are banned from driving?
Why are women barred from driving?
Why are the women arrested if there is no law to prevent them from driving?
how were people reacting?
was everyone supportive?
What year is this?
Are they talking about Hanukkah?
How could both of these statements be true of one item?
what is talmudic?
Why is this causing a frenzy?
Why so long away?
was it celebrated?
Why is this uncertain?
How did a 9-year-old get something on Kickstarter trademarked?
Why would so many people be interested in a novelty item like this?
Why are they making T-shirts?
what is this?
How long have humans been recycling?
What other fields champion recycling?
How did recycling come about?
What kind of items were used daily?
how did they learn?
What objects did our ancestors recycle?
What objects?
How did our ancestors recycle objects in the past?
What is the evidence?
who presented?
What is the evidence presented at the conference?
When was the conference?
What kind of evidence did researchers find?
How do we know how much cavemen recycled?
How did cavemen recycle?
who is he?
How did the cavemen recycle?
How ddi the cavemen recycle?
Why was recycling being discussed at Tel Aviv University?
What was the four-day meeting about?
What is the respiratory virus?
what is a hajj?
visas for immigration?
is mecca in egypt?
Why is he working hard for admission?
Which college?
Is there any college in particular?
Which elite college is Alex Wong working hard to gain admission to?
What are considered rigorous classes?
What is an Eagle Scout project?
What was the project he completed while an Eagle Scout?
Were his studies centered in a particular area or were they more diversified?
What was the unexpected roadblock?
What roadblock?
What obstacle sought to slow this dedicated student's progress?
What is a computer based lottery?
How did the school fill AP spots prior to adapting to the digital lottery system?
Why did he get shut out?
Is that even fair?
Which three courses was Alex hoping to attend?
Which three courses did he request?
How did researches come up with this idea?/ figure out that poop could be used as treatment?
How can poop pills cure serious gut infections?
is that disgusting?
How is it a serious problem?
who does it effect?
What does this infection entail? SYmptoms?
What is Clostridium difficile?
is there a common name for it?
Why would the antibiotic destroy good bacteria?
How pricey is the antibiotic?
Who are they? Immigrants? The elderly? Children?
Why do they speak different languages?
who is they?
"It's now obvious that it's a group of likeminded people, but who are they, still?"
Why are people distrustful to money?
why is there no trust?
What are these economies?
"What kind of household? What's the general demographic? Students at university, two parents and two children, old aged homes?"
"Like what? 1%? 0.1%? \""As low as 0.5%\"" would be good to know"
Why does the analysis show that it is too low to keep up with inflation?
why cant interest be higher?
What are the 10 biggest economies?
confidence in the banks or confidence in world economy?
How do people control their confidence?
why are they called that?
Why are they called that?
8
how bad is dengue?
What are the other countries?
What is dengue fever?
How were the genes of the mosquitoes altered?
because it doesnt travel there?
How many outbreaks have been reported?
What kind of effects does dengue fever have?
Why is dengue on the rise?
why is it called that?
What is bonebreak fever and how does it affect people?
"Why is it called \""bonebreak fever?\"""
How do mosquitos spread out?
how so many?
Is there a vaccine for dengue?
How did the twin crises begin?
Why does the government shut down for this long?
What were the strict terms set by the president?
Why were they lining up to vote on this bill?
What were the Republican wishes?
What was the fight?
Why were we needing to borrow money?
Did the bill not explicitly state when borrowing normally would end?
How would it be paid and under what agreement?
How did they mark time?
What did they vote for?
What digital domain?
how do they track?
is it a new studio?
What is the competitive product?
what type of products?
What other types of products are being designed?
What applications will be used with the products?
What kind of other wearable projects?
is that a funny nickname?
which race are the slaves?
Why do so many African countries rank so high on the slavery index? 
Why is slavery so rampant in Africa?
how did they estimate?
How is the Global Slavery Index calculated? 
Why is slavery still around?
which region of africa?
"Why are the children enslaved, when they are born from enslaved parents?"
why is it worse in west africa?
Why is it mostly prevalent in West Africa?
Who is the newspaper columnist?
What is the American government stalemate?
is she the president?
What was the Greek cutback crisis?
Why is Merkel insisting on austerity
What is the newspaper?
What makes the Greek government dysfunctional?
What makes the German government authoritarian?
is this a typo?
whos questioning it?
Who determined that the US is the unquestioned leader?
What is a corpus callosum?
WHAT IS CORPUS CALLOSUM?
What is a colossal corpus callosum?
Does size make a difference in other portions of the brain?
MEANING WHAT?
how much does it matter?
How does one hemisphere differ from the other?
WHAT IS CORPUS CALLOSUM?
the brain is in the neck?
Can this possibly be improved through genetic augmentation?
which researchers?
is that why hes smart?
Why Rudo Boothe is regarded professionally successful?
For what company?
Isn't it pressurizing his own daughter in such little age?
How does Boothe introduce educational concepts to his daughter? 
How this duo related in word assocciation?
Why is numbering important?
In what ways is reading incorporated in this?
How can being phenomenal at age 7 be measured? 
In what sense? Mathematically?
What made them decide this was important to collaborate on?
"Why did the U.S choose, out of all people, ex-Soviet nuclear weapon designers to stop a asteroid from having a collision with Earth?"
Who hosts these types of meetings?
I wonder how safe it is to use nuclear weapons on asteroids headed towards earth?
Why was he surprised?
Why did they think this would be effective against asteroids?
What's a hydrogen bomb?
I wonder how long after the Manhattan project the hydrogen bomb was developed?
who are they?
How does one get an asteroid named after them?
Is this just theoretical work or are they building something?
How would this work in practice?
"If it's possible and less dangerous, why haven't they done that instead of the nuclear option?"
hit in space?
Why did they decide to come to this agreement?
What is plutonium-flued?
What type of campaign is he running?
What was the agreement?
who is researching?
How does GM plan to add a twist to the fight for supremacy? 
What is their reason for the raising of prices?
Why is GM raising prices?
what is the twist
"Why are they adding almost $2,100 to the sticker price?"
Is there a reason GM is making it more expensive? Has the 2014 Chevrolet Silverado changed at all?
"Why are they adding $2,100 to the sticker price?"
What is the sticker price of the vehicle?
What type of truck?
What was the original price of the truck back in spring?
What are the other versions of the Silverado that will see similar increases in percentage?
Why is this happening across the market?
How did he solve the mystery?
who is that?
Is this a real animal or a myth?
Where did Sykes get DNA to compare with the Himalayan animals?
how did they do this?
"Does it not match a modern polar bears jawbone, indicating they are genetically different?"
What tests is he referring to? 
What creatures? 
which thursday?
How can a prehistoric population stay alive that long? 
Why is the addiction caused from Oreos?
Why are lab rats eating oreos?
Who is reporting this information?
What department at Connecticut College is doing this research?
Were the rats fed drugs?
What caused these neurons to be activated in the pleasure center?
Who is this study intended for?
How much more neurons?
Why were these associations formed? 
Where were drugs dispensed?
How and what kind of drugs? Just cocaine?
Where does the original theory come from?
What type of Asian artworks?
What will they do to save it?
How is the Freer Gallery saving Asian artworks?
Who is Grace Jan and why is she losing her job?
who is she?
What is significant about Grace Jan's job?
What is Grace Jan's job?
What does a conservator of painting do?
What does the funding go to instead?
does she need money?
What are the main differences between the senior and the assistant conservator?
who is she?
What is a painting conservator's primary function?
what was Tuesdays date? 
Why are they trying to forge ties with teams of other faiths?
is that a common food?
Which older faiths?
what is the san lorenzo club?
Why does he prefer soccer to cricket?
is that his nickname?
"Why is Pope Francis called the \""slum pope\""?"
what is the culture ministry?
religion in the sport?
Why did it go uncontrolled to the point that it caused this much damage?
What caused the scorch?
How was their habitat altered? What is the result to the animals?
How rare are the animals?
How did the fire start?
Why does this particular area harbor these rare owls?
Why are they isolated to this area?
What started the fire?
How do they know specifically where these foxes are?
The red fox usually lives in and tolerates the cold?
Were there any pups in the breeding pairs?
Who was the existence of the foxes confirmed by?
How did they go undetected for so long?
Why were they thought to have been wiped out?
Who confirmed this?
What caused the foxes to become endangered?
what is the federal endangered species act
Who is considering this?
When was this act enacted?
Why haven't the foxes already been listed as endangered?
Why are they arriving at the theatre?
why did they disappear?
What are they going to do?\n
who is he?
IS IT EXPENSIVE?
is it rusty?
Where is Granada Hills field?
What's the bugler waiting for?
What brass instrument?
What does Reveille mean?
A delay for what?
Is Jesiah Samora the bugler?
What is the valuable cargo?
How are thieves posing as truckers? 
do they check id?
What types of valuable cargo are the thieves stealing?
How have the con men managed to make off with money? 
Who are the experts?
Why is the theft growing so rapidly?
with guns?
What new methods have criminal adopted? 
Why is the economy sputtering along?
Why aren't Americans in the mood?
why is it sputtering?
Why is there a cut back this Halloween?
why is she cutting back?
Why does she have less money?
Why is she dressing up as Catwoman?
Are these work parties?
so she is still celebrating?
Which one did she choose?
what is this word?
What does Cree mean?
Who are the Cree?
How long is the Athabasca River?
what is a boreal forest?
Why are they digging through the forest?
What corporations own these strip mines?
is this a flower?
How did they know that tarry bitumen can be found there?
Is tarry bitumen similar to shale oil?
what is an impoundment?
Why didn't they clean up after themselves?
How can this pollution be dealt with?
what is the usual scenario
What usual scenario?
Which Manhattan luxury store?
"Does this refer to money not being able to buy as much, or being searched by police?"
"How was he \""wrongly jailed\"" after he bought an item?"
What makes it humiliating the most? 
How can it be humiliating?
How did Oprah Winfrey know that the Swiss clerk believed that Oprah could not afford an expensive handbag?
what is the large problem?
"What do these \""consistent stream of small insults\"" consist of?"
How was he a pioneer in the past?
Why is he Britain's most celebrated living artist?
what medium is it?
how new is it?
When did the medium come to existence?
how did he print?
why was he laughing?
Why was he amazed?
How are they displayed?
painting on an ipad?
Who are the doctors that make up the group?
What kinds of consequences does screen time have?
Does this group of pediatricians have a name?
What serious consequences can unrestricted media have?
What are some alternatives parents could use in place of social media for their kids'?
Are there any medecines that can be prescribed to stop screen time from being so excessive? 
Does this doctor suggest kids' should read more books instead of going on social media?
who is the man?
what is a crash helmet?
Who is the man?
"Why is he chasing a bull, an event?"
did it fall or was it pushed?
What is the event that is being written about here?
is this sport popular?
How popular is this world of coleo?
Why is it hard on spectators?
which part is it?
What is redskins?
Why did the Oneida Indian Nation want to meet with the NFL?
Does the two redskins even look similar? 
Why is redskin offensive to the Oneida Indian Nation?
Why do they defend the name Redskins?
"Why is the movement referencing the Mascot as needing to change if they have a problem with the \""Redskins\"" name?"
Who are the Oneisdas?
Why do they want them to visit their homelands if they're not going to change the team name?
How long has this feud been going on?
In what way is the word redskins defined?
What is the definition of redskins?
Who is conducting the investigation?
"Who are Matisse, Klee, and Kandinsky?"
are they all painters?
How do you know something is Nazi loot?
What other countries?
How often do they examine art collections to determine whether they were looted?
How does a person steal such valuable art?
"How do they know that these were looted, confiscated, or sold under duress?"
who had them under duress?
How much duress is necessary in order to make the transaction questionable? 
Who would these be returned to?
Why are they morally obligated to return the art?
Why is this one of the country's top tourist draws?
why does this matter?
Why was this painting not recognized as tainted much earlier if it is so famous and such a large draw to tourists?
"What did they do on their \""improbable\"" journey?"
Why was the journey improbable? 
Who are these people?
What is the familiar sight?
Who are these bearded champions?
What is the journey the article is describing?
What are duck boats?
What made them such a great team to win the World Series trophy for the third time in 10 years?
How many championships have they won in all of history?
How did this explosion occur? 
What happened when they got there?
Where are those jerseys now?
How many were injured in the bombings?
Why are the men helping to end the ban on women driving?
Why does Saudi Arabia ban women driving?
Why would the men lose their jobs by helping the women to drive?
Who are the activists?
What is so bad about the Saudi Interior Ministry?
why did it send a chill?
Which branch of the Saudi Interior Minsitry?
Why are the people afraid of the Saudi Interior Ministry?
Why didn't the police enforce the current ban?
Why did the police not do anything about the women?
How did they play a key role?
what do they mean by run up?
What did they do specifically to provide a key role?
Does it have a formal name or leader?
which social networks?
what is dark matter>
Which scientists?
Why would this substance be nearly a mile underground in a gold mine?
what method?
What type of method did they develop?
When was this mysterious material discovered?
This could use elaboration
why were they upbeat?
How does one begin to search for dark matter?
what is a salvo?
How can scientists be so sure that they will ever find dark matter?
How much did this facility cost to construct?
where is that?
which light?
Where in Norway is this town?
This is vague but I assume leading to an explanation
What have they seen the light about?
how were they made?
Do the residents take vitamin D supplements during these 6 months of shade?
is this a chair?
Just how bright or dim was this sunlight?
Can this be put more in a more descriptive way?
How is this supposed to protect the endangered black rhino species if their auctioning off a permit to hunt them?
why are they doing this?
How many black rhino's are left?
There are black rhinos in Houston?
Who is this and why does he get to decide the auction of the permit?
do they do it for money?
What is the Dallas Safari Club? What does this group do?
Why are these even auctioned when they are  an endangered species?
How many permits are out there in other countries? 
what is a metairie?
What makes this technique advanced?
How is it advanced?
what about laywomen?
Why is reasonable precaution needed?
are they named that?
Who are the defenders of the wolves?
have there been undocumented attacks?
What drives the fears that wolves will attack humans?
Why did reintroducing the wolves ignite a furor?
How were they reintroduced?
what is a furor?
How did de Blasio's platform clash with Bloomberg's?
What was Bloomberg's record during his 12 years in office?
How much was he proposing to tax the rich? 
What were the margins he was defeated by?
What has he been favored for?
Why did de Blasio have a large lead in the polls? 
What was the average amount of lead he had?
Why was he so revered in this election?
How much was his overwhelming lead?
Why did he choose to become an independent?
Why did he stop running as a Republican? 
swivel them which way?
How are Rajiv Maheswaran and Yu-Han Chang able to see the future of the NBA?
what kind of algorithms?
What kind of algorithms?
in what language?
"But why? If the future of the NBS is \""see\""-able, why are programmers and maths needed?"
What does inputting lines of code have to do with the NBA?
Isn't the point of sports that it is limited to the physicality of the players and their quickness in the moment? 
all kinds of mistakes?
Why did they use a monitoring device?
does everyone feel that way?
are her concerns gone?
How did it make her a better driver?
why so many times?
Why is he nervous?
Why did he appear nervous?
Why was the gentleman nervous?
Why did authorities decide to question him?
Why did the man appear nervous?
"Why did he have $12,000 in cash with him?"
why is there a limit?
Did they have probable cause?
Are they allowed to raid his apartment?
what wasnt right?
How'd he get these works?
Were they real paintings?
The paintings were all real?
was he a nazi?
why a violation of freedome of speech?
"How is having other pray considered \""his\"" freedom of speech?"
where is this?
What kind of churches?
"Is Durham School Services part of the school district, or a private company?"
who complained?
did he read it?
What sort of performance complaints?
What other performance issues were there besides the prayer issue?
Who conducted the study?
how can they check?
why not until they are two?
What are the signs that can be seen at two months?
Is it possible to have children diagnosed at a younger age than 2?
Who is the author of this study?
What are the signs of this condition that you would notice on a small child?
Who are the researchers?
why is it a hallmark?
Can all babies make eye contact at such a young age?
At what age does this occur normally?
Why the eyes?
"If it increased with age, can a lack of it at a young age really be counted as a sign?"
At what age does this stop?
did it wane always?
So interest in the eyes decreased or was less present from the start?
"What causes autism in children, are they born with this condition?"
What is the average age for this to occur?
Does this mean their eyes are fixed or just made eye contact briefly at some point. 
Is there any research as to why this happens?
Is this a reputable publication?
"What is meant by \""virtually\"" eliminate? "
Why does trans fat need to be removed?
How will the FDA be able to virtually eliminate trans fat?
Which food makers and restaurant chains?
What measures were taken by foodmakers? 
Is the concern mainly coming from the consumers?
"If it is already widespread, why is the FDA getting involved?"
What companies?
How did companies alter their recipes? 
In what ways did the FDA require that rans fat be 'broken out'?
How do labels do this?
What is bad cholesterol versus good cholesterol?
How will the reduction or trans fat prevent these things?
Who is the nation's first four- star female general?
Why only New Yorkers?
How is the military changing its face?
How is the military changing?
why is history turbulent?
Where did they place wreaths on monuments?
What do the wreaths symbolize?
What sorts of employment opportunities?
what kind of opportunities?
Who specifically are they?
What kind of opportunities?
How have they backed employment opportunities? 
How were the able to back more employment opportunities for veterans?
what is a wreath ceremony?
"Why is it known as a \""wreath ceremony?\"""
How was Gen. Ann E. Dunwoody chosen to lead the parade?
Why did Angelo beg his mother for the toy?
How does skateboarding and playing basketball make looming unlikely?
any other sports?
has he tried them?
what is the rainbow loom?
What is so special about the Rainbow Loom?
How high is this tower?
Which building experts are on the panel?
What makes them experts?
Why was it much-anticipated?
What happened to the building targeted by terorists?
How are reefs worth $6 billion to the economy?
Why/How are they rebounding?
Why are they able to adapt?
which study?
How are emissions in the air tied to the health of life under the ocean?
how can we restrain them?
Who are the scientists and officials?
is it a big summit?
What is the last naval shipyard in England?
What makes Britain one of the worlds mightiest seafaring power?
Why will the shipyard be closing?
Why is this the last naval shipyard in England?
Why is Britain shutting down its last naval shipyard?
What is the name of and where is the last naval shipyard?
Why is Mary Rose famous?
Why is the Mary Rose famous?
why havent i heard of it?
What is the cause of the dwindling demand?
Why is demand dwindling?
Why is demand dwindling?
why did demand go down?
How many vessels will be built?
Why will the vessels be built only in Scotland?
How did they sacrifice the workers?
Why is there a referendum to turn England and Wales into an independent nation?
is this city in the north?
is that the name?
What kind of help will be provided?
Why are family members of Filipinos working abroad?
What countries are the family members working abroad in?
Why are workers in such high demand abroad?
which countries are those?
Who has been encouraging the jobless to seek their fortunes elsewhere?
Why have they failed to develop an economy?
Who was Ferdinand Marcos?
Why can't the Phillipines develop an economy of their own?
What are the other natural disasters?
what is this word?
What other natural disasters?
"What does \""galvanizing the largess\"" mean?"
How big is the pantherine evolutionary tree?
Who conducted the new study?
How old are these fossils?
what suggests that?
How old are the fossils?
How deep did they have to dig to make such a discovery?
How many paleontologists were on the 2010 expedition?
what do they do?
Where in Tibet was it found?
Will these specimens be available on display for the public to see?
Was carbon dating used as a method of determining the age of these specimens?
Why did they become extinct?
Why was this discovery named after their daughter?
How did they know those were the things that this snow leoperad ate?
Do snow leopards still exist today?
How much did it cost to find these specimens?
How high up in elevation were they found?
when was that?
What is the reason that Leo Lolnitz would rate President Obama a 10?
are they really silly?
"What does \""score\"" mean in this context?"
What does hubris mean?
What speech for the speech's 150th anniversary?
21
What is a mea culpa?
What do they mean by tongue-in-cheek approach?
Why was partisanship and strong drink common in their profession at the time?
What were President Lincoln's words?
what are her credentials?
Why are the exact words of the speech still dissected today?
What speech?
Which General Motors Co. executive?
for how long?
At what rate is steadily?
What are autonomous vehicles?
Why will they remain intergral?
"How long is the \""foreseeable future\""?"
"Why will drivers need to \""still need to be engaged and in control\""?"
but it is different?
HOW FAR in future?
How significant of a distance in the future?  Five years?  Ten years?
What are the concerns about self-driving vehicles?
Which technical advances led to this?
What are some of the concerns with autonomous vehicles?
What parts of the Midwest were the storms marching across?
How did they know?
Why did these thunderstorms happen?
Where in the Midwest?
how are they so accurate?
How did these predictions save lives?
How rare are they?
What 12 states did the storms howl through?
why so low?
Which states did the storms go through?
Which 12 states?
what does prosaic mean?
Why is this a prosaic reason that the death total wasn't more?
What kind of churches?
Why wern't the churches damaged?
what day was it?
How were the distinguished Americans recognized? 
does he have that power?
Why is the ever-burning flame kept burning?
Why does President Kennedy's gravesite have an ever-burning flame?
what is a motorcade?
how is it interesting?
Why is it more interesting?
Why is boredom interesting?
are they very different?
Where are the students studying?
What are the five types?
Why study boredom in students vs. a diverse group?
What caused them to expect any certain number?
why did high school students have it?
Why did high school students experience this more than other students?
how is it dangerous?
How is boredom dangerous for the people around the person who is bored?
Why can it be dangerous?
"What is console wars about, XBOX and Playstation?"
What day will the sequel be released?
Does this refer to PlayStation 4 or the new Playstation 5?
How much will the system cost?
what year did it release?
Where does the PlayStation 4 arrive?
Will the XBOX 360 be discontinued? 
What new features does Xbox One have?
is that an american company?
Will the new system be less expensive than the last?
What are they going to do to compete?
How are the companies pathways different?
What different pathways have console makers used?
how do they differ?
What are the different pathways the console makers took?
Why is the debate a dogfight? 
How is this debate evolutionary?
What is the debate?
Why is it a dogfight?
which one?
How was dogs transformed into man's best friend?
in the 19th century?
Why do experts think our ancestors were naturally drawn to small wolves? 
Which experts?
Why were Middle East and elsewhere naturally drawn wolf pups?
Where else were people drawn to wolf pups?
Why were they raised as a source of meat?
who suggests that?
How were dogs used as helpers? 
How were proto-dogs enlisted as helpers by  hunters?
What is a proto-dog specifically? Wolves?
what is a proto dog?
Who is Luo Yuannan?\n\n
Can you explain more about one child law?
What will happen if they break the law? 
When did the law change and why?
How many people currently lives in the shenzhen?
Why was she amazed?
why was he amazed?
Are they allow to break the law? 
Why will she get the chance?
a son or daughter?
what was the plan?
what is a boomlet?
Can they request their wish and get accept by government without breaking the law? 
what is a postscript?
What is the woman's name?
Who is the determined woman that is willing to help?
What was the last living Scottsboro Boy's name?
How were the nine black teenagers falsely accused?
How long were they on parole?
what were the decisions?
What Supreme Court decisions?
How did their case unite others?
How did the case divide residents?
Were they given anything because they were falsely accused?
why did she care?
What changed after it?
What is her name?
How did this campaign by a Scottsboro woman  help change everything?
"What was the ground-attack plane nicknamed the \""Warthog\""?"
What is the endangered weapons list?
Which other weapons are on the list?
Why is it on the endangered weapons list?
How did it earn this reputation?
Why is it an unsightly plane?
Why is it unsightly?
Where does the Air Force want to invest its funds?
Why are the Air Force's funds diminishing?
Where would the Air Force prefer to invest their funds?
Where else would the Pentagon want to place funds?
Why are the Pentagon's funds diminishing?
What is a sequestration?
What does sequestration mean?
What sights does Bletchley Park have to offer?
Is this due to it being a functional town?
Why was Batey sent to Bletchley Park?
"Does dispatched mean that police were sent there, or something else?"
What was Mavis Batey dispatched for?
How did they break the German code? 
Did this mean breaking the code of a physical object like an enigma or radio signals?
How did the men and women in Bletchley Park assume the role of breaking down the German code?
Does this mean that the residents were helping with the decoding or those hired to decode were sent there?
"How did Mark become one of Bletchley Park's \""nimblest\"" decoder?"
How did Batey decode the message? 
What was the message she intercepted?
What did the message say?
Was the British victory not expected at all under those circumstances?
What is the other half of the battle?
What are the two types of material?
What two kinds of material?
were they successful?
What is this sentence talking about?
is it expensive?
What is this new ceramic material called?
Why are they better?
Which Field Museum scientists?
What is its name?
How is it important?
How do scientists know it is a significant precursor to Tyrannosaurus rex?
which month?
What is the importance of the fossil record?
What is 'The Field'?
Is that larger or smaller than a T-Rex?
Why was there a museum expedition in the first place?
Why were the Meekers involved?
How does it combine with other North American Wildlife of that period?
how did they come up with this name?
What does this mean?
who is sue?
How did they assemble the bones?
what is tuck into?
what did he have right?
Why are wild turkeys more respectable? 
more respectable than what?
Why is the bald eagle a slob?
is this a joke?
What is the Service Employees International Union?
does he need medical attention?
How long will the hunger strike last?
Who are the two other fasters?
Why is it pertinent information that the tent is heated?
What are the other's names?
how old is he?
Is the plight he referring to food shortage?
is it working?
where is xinhua?
in which year?
how many did they land?
Why did they design it to look like a dune buggy?
why cant they?
Why can't kids keep up with their parents?
Why can't kids keep up with their parents?
Why don't kids today run as fast as their parents when they were kids?
Why don't children run as fast or as far as their parents?
is that cardio?
Why has heart-related fitness declined?
is it the aha?
how are they tested?
Who is Jeff Bezos?
which states?
Which states are competing to host the sites?
how will delivery drones bring more jobs than delivery drivers? 
how will they do this?
How does the FAA determine how safe this practice is?
Which types  cases have been given pemission to fly unmanned?
did this happen?
How close is the company to realistically achieving this goal?
when was he born?
Which archaeologists?
nativity happens for buddha?
How do they know the evidence is connected to Buddha?
will we ever learn?
Date of birth for who?
which seems more plausible?
Why are historians wavering over dates?
Which historians?
did they have writing back then?
Why didn't they have any records written in that time?
Why wasnt there more recoreds?
How do data-crunchers plan to outwit nature?
How would they outwit Mother Nature?
Are farmers expected to change weather? Are data-crunchers not already a crucial part in this process?
what are algorithms?
What sort of severe weather patterns?
What company?
How did this collaboration begin and how successful has it been?
what does moneyball mean?
What are some examples of these possible fixes?
how does he know this?
How do they determine the severity?
Which islands in the East China Sea are disputed?
How did the US take Japan's side in China's opinion?
Which islands are being disputed by China and Japan?
Why did Biden appear this way?
why was he somber?
Why was Vice President Biden somber and subdued?
why is there a retricted flying zone
Why did China institute a no fly zone?
how brief was it?
Why did China newly declare a restricted flying zone?
Does the US have a positive notion about any of the countries they associate with?
What is orthodoxy?
will they get in trouble for it?
why should it offend us?
What is offending?
why does he think so?
How is the income gap growing?
Which nonprofit community center?
which neighborhood?
Which world powers?
Why were they able to decide the future of another country's nuclear program?
what does passe mean?
Why are denunciations of the USA considered passe?
What is the name of the cafe?
why does she think that?
Why does Tehran copycat American culture?
Why do they copycat American culture if they hate the West so much?
what is the difference?
What is the big difference between the approved culture and the reality?
What causes the difference between the approved culture and the reality?
what was the revolution about?
What are some of the different views?
How did the revolution change public opinion?
How will the chemical weapons be destroyed? 
Why would a cargo ship help destroy?
What are their stockpiles? How much do they have?
How will the naval ship attempt to move the material? 
Why is this difficult and how does it connect to war?
Which media outlets?
Why have they been spying?
45
What information are they trying to gain by spying on these gamers?
Are there areas of the world that are not being spied on by these agents?
What are these agencies?
Why are terrorists using video games?
How many years?
What are some of the games?
Why do agents believe their are terrorists playing in these games?
Who is Edward Snowden?
where did he leak this information?
Who started this campaign?
What brought these two particular agencies together on this project?
What would be considered a virtual universe?
"How many players, worldwide, are there at any given time?"
Can real prizes be had in these fantasy games?
How much do they pay?
How much money does the average player invest in these games?
How are the Whigs attempted to make a comeback?
Why were the Whigs disbanded?
Who is running this movement?
What national attention has been brought by Bucholz? 
why did he run as a whig?
Which large international bank?
How has the Modern Whig Party improved? 
Why would Tim Zane want to be in charge of the Maryland branch of the Whigs?
why is he chosen?
are they likely to find them?
How can a magnet be flexible enough to sculp into something?
Which kind of magic tricks can Christin perform?
what does it do?
Are rare earth magnets toxic?
"What classifies a magnet as rare-earth, and how many other classifications are there?"
Who made her laugh?
what happened?
Why did she swallow them?
could she have died?
"Why did they have to remove her intestines, colon, and appendix?"
Why did this surgery happen such a long time after the incident?
How were the magnets able to travel through her digestive system to the point they reached her intestines?
How did the magnets reach her appendix?
Why did Krista Hooten's daughter have terror in her eyes?
Why was her daughter scared of back-to-school shopping?
How had Kelsey been bullied?
bullied for what?
what kind of rumors?
was she injured?
How did the bullying change Kelsey's personality?
how so change?
In what ways did it change her personality?
who is rating?
What specifically are the unhappy about with the direction?
what are his credentials?
How is confidence supposed to right the ship?
what made it sharp?
What caused the sharp increase in the rating?
is he the new pope?
How has the Pope changed the perception of the Catholic Church?
What was the perception that changed?
What has he done to change perceptions?
How did Pope Francis change the perception of the Catholic Church?
what is a jesuit?
how did they respond?
Who was this person?
What makes it a murky genetic past?
How ancient is this relative?
What is puzzling about the connection?
What was the puzzling connection to the Far East?
Was the remainder of the body recovered as well?
How do scientists determine this age?
What region is this cave in?
Why has the cave been termed Pit of Bones?
What time period did the Neanderthals live in?
Which other sites in Europe?
how did they surmise that?
What did they base their info on?
What other sites in Europe?
What other questions did the scientists have?
what are his credentials?
What questions does this raise?
How long has he been doing this?
What questions did the DNA raise?
What is the surprise?
should they be surprised?
"Why is this a surprise, what was the original expectation?"
Is this a popular publication?
What was a big surprise?
How often do home plate collisions occur?
In which year does next season take place?
How do they plan to eliminate the collisions?
When in 2015?
What does the rules committee decide?
Where were the meetings held?
How are the players getting the concussions?
What was the decision?
How does the author think that these type of plays are being accepted?
Why are the plays ordinary and routine?
Do players collide intentionally?
What are some of the health concerns related to these type of collisions?
What are the free online courses?
why are they mixed?
What are free open online courses?
What sort of results?
are those common?
Why is the percentage for completion so low for MOOCs?
Why do they drop off?
what did the other half do?
What percentage?
What sport do the college athletes play?
Why would it be too early to be relieved?
why do they say that?
Why is it too early to breathe a sigh of relief?
Who is the author of the report?
What were the worrisome changes in brain structure shown in the athletes?
What are the outward sign's of head trauma?
What were the changes in cognitive performance?
Where can I find this evidence?
like test taking?
What are some of the evidence found already that supports this?
What exactly happens when a player is hit that causes these problems?
What is the percentage that heal during the off-season?
when will we know?
How does someone heal with injuries like this?
Which scientists?
How are scientists trying to figure out how readily the brain recovers from injury?
What does cumulative mean?
Why do experts not recognize this diagnosis? 
is this a joke?
What is the definition of Affluenza?
What questions do people have about the defense strategy? 
is that a light sentence?
How can a judge be so lenient? 
what is affluenza
is he correct?
What was the minimum sentence he could have received?
34
Why did conversation groups decry the decision? 
Which conservation groups?
why is it considered a free ride?
Why was it a bad move?
Why isn't it a free ride?
"Why were the rules \""far from a 'free ride'\""?"
Statement to who?
Why was the wind industry given a blank check?
who said this?
Why is the government sanctioning this?
what are his credentials?
Why do they have to document how they will preserve the eagles?
Which scientists made this claim?
How do we know Mars had a lake that long ago?
How is it known the lake would have had the right chemical ingredients for life?
What were the chemical ingredients?
Who are these scientist's?
How big was this lake?
what is a biosphere?
What is it about the microbe that tells all of that could be possible on Mars?
What were the signs found?
What are the signs?
Who named this crater?
What is this microbe?
how is it pronounced?
What chemicals are found in rocks?
How do we know this to be true?
Why is he the lead scientist?
Where did the life go?
What are the earth like attributes?
"Why did live not emerge, or do we even know if it did or it didn't?"
What does the Arctic have to do with hurricanes?
How do ice formations affect tropical storms?
Which scientists?
How does ice building up release heat?
Heat release from what?
How does heat release move the jet stream?
What shift?
How does the stream moving further south slow the storms?
How does this affect the impact of the storms?
How does the Arctic heat trigger other weather events?
"How would it cause these things to happen, and where would they occur?"
"Why are the injured dairy cows being slapped, poked and forced to their feet?"
why are they being harmed?
Farmers from the area or somewhere else?
Why is it necessary to suspend a disabled cow in the air with a mechanical lift?
Why would these actions be necessary?
Why are these actions necessary?
is he a bad guy?
"Why do you want a cow on its feet, or do you?"
0
What is milk fever?
How long does it take for her legs to turn to mush when they have this milk fever?
Which lawmakers are arguing that the $1 coin would save the government money?
How is paper money more durable than people realize?
why would it cost more?
What exactly helped them come to their conclusion?
what was their name?
"Even though the coin may be longer- lasting, if it costs more to make, why are some congress people pushing the government to replace the $1 bill?"
Who in Congress?
Which countries are included in the eurozone?
has it worked?
Why have they replaced small denomination paper?
Which other countries?
why did she do that?
What makes these scenes common?
Why does this occur so often in Philadelphia?
should it be?
How is child abuse defined?
What is the legal definition of child abuse?
do certain demographics do it more?
Who are the researchers?
How much more often do they engage in this behavior?
How did they carry out their research?
What clear evidence about cats did archaeologists find in China?
is that a magazine?
What's the evidence?
what type of curve?
How has this discovery thrown the experts for a curve?
why the last place?
Where in China was the ancient village found?
what do they do?
What was an unexpected find?
who are they for?
"Besides pilots, who else are simulators good for?"
Who are they for?
What makes a case complex?
What do these physicians specialize in?
Are these reliable?
Which medical device companies are being worked with?
what happened back then?
What is the exact challenge in getting this done?
Is this the preferred method of training among residents?
how much will it cost?
What devices aside from MRI?
How long would this take?
"What would make a procedure \""tricky\""?"
Who are the authors of the report?
How much have the wages increased?
What are the differences in wages?
How about the husbands?
why would it slow them?
Why would motherhood slow their strides?
What was the percentage before?
why not 100 percent?
How much have wages dropped for young men?
How were they discriminated at work?
what did the 15 percent experience?
what is he doing?
Why is he in a rush on the matter?
What kind of farmer?
Why isn't he waiting for the rules?
How do their measures differ from those taken by other farmers?
How long did it take to build this drone?
is that light or heavy?
How did he design this drone?
Is this considered an average sized drone?
where is that?
What else can it do for farmers?
How is the drone used to collect information?
Why will they be active in less densely populated areas?
Why are Americans abuzz?
Are self guided drones safe?
what is their body plan?
What sort of advantages?
What are the advantages of the jellyfish body plan?
What is a body plan of a jellyfish?
why did they do this?
What are the wings made from?\nWhy do they need four wings instead of two?
What is an environmental sensor?
What things in the environment would the sensor be for?
Which engineers?
What different purposes are they envisioning for the robots?
How is a jellyfish included in things with wings?
are they successful?
What flight mechanisms did they learn from the jellyfish?
What job did he find?
"Why did it take Francisco \""Frank\"" Mirando so long to find a job?"
"What kind of job was Francisco \""Frank\"" Miranda looking for?"
what did he choose?
What kind of job was he looking for?
Why did Miranda refer to the other vet employees by rank?
How much money are they making at Home Depot?
Is this a popular job to have among the veterans?
How did the other employees feel when seeing how the vets treated each other?
why does his age matter?
How long was he in the military?
Why is it hard for U.S. military veterans to find a job?
are they a good employer?
What are some of the other big names who are supportive?
Do they have a recruitment regimen already in place for veterans?
How does Home Depot reach out to the veterans to let them know that they are looking to hire vets?
Why have they committed to this cause?
which animal is better?
Why are humans just OK when it comes to extracting oxygen?
What is better?
how do they breath?
How are birds more efficient breathers?
What makes them more efficient?
how do we know this?
Which study?
what does that mean?
What's a tidal breather?
What is a tidal breather?
What is a tidal breather?
Where is the Yakama Nation located?
What makes this area so fertile?
illegal country?
Where is illegal marijuana country?
How long is the growing season?
What makes the soil rich?
How much did they seized?
Who seized this area?
how big was it?
The biggest illegal pot grow was in what state's history?
How much has changed since recreational marijuana use was legalized?
What are the effects to the community of the legalization of recreational marijuana use?
which year did they legalize?
Which state officials are poised to issue licenses?
How do the officials feel about legalized recreational marijuana use?
What is the meaning of contraband?
What are the sides of agreement?
How long have they been without food and water?
How much land do they own there?
did the blisters pop?
Is it illegal to give the travelers food and water?
Why are they traveling?
Why are the travelers not prepared for their journey with proper shoes and adequate amounts of food and water?
Was she born and raised there?
What did that specific law state?
what is mesquite?
What are some of the other decisions?
Is there a benefit to living in this harsh environment?
What is causing this dramatic weather pattern?
How many years?
why so cold?
Why is a meteorologist phrasing the phenomenon like this?
what are his credentials?
Which Midwestern states?
definition of this word?
how old is he?
Which players are on the team?
does north korea have a team?
why is he named that?
Who are the streetballers?
what is a streetballer?
What are streetballers?
What is a streetballer?
Where in Chicago is this canal located?
Did the Asian carp originate in Asia?
who reported it?
How do these fish get trapped in the wake of a barge?
How does this electrified swath operate?
What is an electrified swath?
how do they electrify it?
Is it possible to stop the motors on the barges and let tug boats guide them through?
Who was the research conducted by?
How detrimental to the environment are these fish that are getting through the barriers?
Why aren't small fish sometimes incapacitated by the electrical current?
Why did Deborah have nits to pick at work? 
what kind of nits?
How many years?
sift through why?
How are students getting live head lice in their hair?
What bugged her?
What does the policy state?
what does stricken mean?
Why were students missing weeks of school?
Why is reentry painstaking? 
a certificate?
Who was this painstaking for?
"What was involved with \""inspections\""?"
Why do they have headaches?
Am I getting sick?
Is the congestion from a cold?
What is making getting out of bed a chore?
How does the tiny box detect anything?
Is this test really available?
Why is this in a tiny box?
Was the virus or bacteria determined?
How long have they've been working on this test?
How would this become a staple in the real world?
How is the method being developed?
What kind of method are they developing?
How are they developing a method?
What is the current rate of recognition?
Why does rapidly copying it detect illness?
How long does it usually take now to identify the bacteria or virus DNA?
How is this obtained?
Why do colleges want students from this school specifically?
What is magnetic to recruiters about Webb Schools?
Why is it a magnet for college recruiters?
Why are their efforts so intense?
Why did 113 Ivy League and other schools send representatives?
Why are students from this school so much less desirable to recruiters?
"How do the recruiters know about \""talented applicants\""?"
How else do students hear about schools they might attend?
Is there a way to ensure that admissions officials visit low-income public schools?
Who are the researchers?
What did the researchers see that shown them the Neanderthals organized their living spaces by task?
What are the artifacts?
what is that?
how did they organize?
"If the site was destroyed, how do they know it hosted both Neanderthals and humans?"
why did they destroy it?
What showed the researchers that this site hosted Neanderthals and humans?
How is the $100 billion split between the world nations?
Why is the International Space Station the world's most expensive science project? What is its significance?
What will be the benefits of extending the space station's operations?
Why did the White House approve a four year extension?
Who are the top NASA officials?
What were the names of the top NASA officials?
Why does NASA consider the station a critical steppingstone to future exploration?
how many years?
Why is the International Space Station a critical steppingstone?
"Is there any way profit from the space station such as small models, 3D models, etc.?"
Why will the extension cost NASA about $3 billion a year?
why so much money?
What programs would need to be cut so the funding would best benefit the space station and the space program as a whole?
Why is NASA willing to stretch their annual budget for this project?
Why were Americans so indifferent?
Why did the Soviets land a rover on the moon?
Why is there considerable interest in the Chang'e 3 mission?
What kind of interest over Chang'e 3 mission and why?
Why is this mission so interesting to scientists?
does this matter?
What sort of significant new information?
Why hasn't this been done in the past?
who said it exactly?
What does the history of the moon have to do with the history of Earth?
What data was there?
What states does the population growth surpass in the Northeast and Midwest?
"Why does Texas, California and Florida have so many new residents?"
Why does this determine political clout?
can they be limited?
How many seats does Texas have currently?
is it unfair?
How many seats do these states have currently?
have states lost or gained many seats?
How are numbers readjusted each decade?
Why does it only change every decade?
Why were schools using overly zealous discipline? 
why to court?
"Why did they opt to abandon, why no try a reform?"
Who set these original policies and what are the policies?
What are the policies?
What actions had schools been taking to adjust the policies? 
What specific actions have been taken?
Why are these policies in place?
What are the zero tolerance policies?
is it always routine?
What is an example of a routine infraction?\n
Is this the majority belief?
How does the issue correlate to race? 
which race?
"How is it about race, specifically?"
What are the new guidelines?
What is she doing with a steel claw on a sail boat?
Why would Elizabeth Lopez lower a steel claw so deep?
why is it mysterious?
What is the platisphere?
how does it degrade?
What starts this?
How are plastics degraded in the ocean?
What types of bacteria?
are they dangerous?
Why are bacteria drawn to pieces of trash?
after what?
Fifty years of what?
After the U.S. what?
is that right?
What did the Surgeon General state as the health effects of smoking?
Why is this?
How many smokers are there worldwide?
What is the cause of this increase?
why did it jump?
Is this because of marketing?
What makes this the most comprehensive ever?
What are the examining methods used here?
What makes this a growing epidemic?
Who is Ridwa Yakob?
what else do they have?
Who is Ridwa Yakob?
What does the Teen Tech Center do?
what is teen tech?
What is the teen tech center?
Why does it have its own recording studio?
0
14
Why was signing up supposed to be the easy part?
Which health policy experts?
what is the dicey part?
"How is signing up for healthcare considered \""dicey\""?"
Why is the dicey part just beginning?
Why is there an expectation that obtaining this type of care should be easy?
Why did the law go fully in effect on Jan. 1?
Which functions?
what does this mean?
How are mid-level providers going to improve on what top tier providers were performing?  This sounds counter intuitive.
What new technologies are being used?
Who are mid-level medical providers?
Why are people going to suffer?
how did they figure that?
Why does traffic make people unhappy?
what does this mean?
What traffic jam?
How is a traffic jam keeping penguins alive?
Which scientists are studying emperor penguins?
its like a traffic jam?
Where are they traveling to?  What is the purpose of the movement and travel?
Why is the winter their breeding season?
why only lately?
Is their a particular cause for this?
Why is predicting financial results of computer firms tough lately?
FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR WHAT TIME FRAME?
What specifically is it about computer firms that makes prediction difficult?
what is a bellwether?
Why are they considered an industry bellwether?
Why is Microsoft Corp. considered an industry bellwether?
of which year?
Who is doing the predicting here?
What is the expectation?
Why did Wall Street predict 10% overall personal computer growth in 1990?
Why was the increase in personal computer sales only modest in comparison to last year?
WHAT WAS THE AVERAGE EXPANSION OF PREVIOUS YEARS?
Why did they predict a slowdown in growth in this market?
what is over the counter trading?
What is the cause of this slump?
Why did investors react by selling the company's stock?
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN OVER THE COUNTER TRADING AND ANY OTHER TRADING?
WHAT WAS THREE MONTHS AGO?
why is it gyrating?
Which investors specifically?
How would that insurance work?
why did it crash then?
What kind of stock bargains became available after the crash?
what is hedging?
What is the technique??
Why only some? Which ones?
What is the hedging technique?
What is a put option?
is that a new plane?
What caused the jets on the Falcon 20 to flame out?
would they crash into cars?
Who is the co-pilot?
how did they restart?
What was Ralph Brown's load?
how are they intimate?
Why does Maidenform want to be intimate?
Why is Maidenform intimate with its customers only?
How is Maidenform Inc. intimate with its customers?
Why has the company been kept in-family for so many years?
Why is Maidenform's financial profile so closely guarded?
What is he referring to when hes says vanishing breed?
Why are they a vanishing breed?
why wont she interview?
Why was she not wanting to grant an interview?
What is the role of a strategist?
what has her strategy been?
What led to the sales increasing by so much?
How did Mrs. Coleman make sales triple?
What did she do that lead to sales tripling in 21 years?
why are they so tight lipped?
Why the declination?
Why are they so secretive?
Why would she decline to provide specifics?
in which year?
What is the junk bond market?
Why were they in disarray?
what is a leading underwriter?
How lucrative was it?
Why they couldn't afford?
did it ever get worse after this?
How many years?
what is that?
What is the U.S.-U.S.S.R?
What is the full meaning of U.S.-U.S.S.R?
why is it so complex?
Why is the USSR's market complex?
How do the commitments in the USSR compare to the commitments in the USA of doing business?
Why would you have to make a big commitment?
Why is the Soviet Union market extremely complex?
Why is the USSR's market untapped?
How is he overhauling the economy?
How is corporate America being lured? 
How were these hardened veterans able to do business in the USSR?
Which types of smaller firms are doing business with the USSR?
Why is doing business in another country instead of America such a sought-after goal?
How are companies measuring this interest?
How are these businesses taking part in the exhibition?
Why are these companies taking part in Russian exhibitions?
who got snubbed?
Why did the snubbing happen?
Which party was it?
Who got snubbed within Congress?
Which party in Congress were snubbing?
How was the snubbing?
Why were the same parties snubbing?
did he just walk?
What testimony was Sen. Alan Cranston going to give Rep. Henry Gonzalez?
Why did Mr. Cranston volunteer his testimony?
What was the failure that costed $2.5 billion?
Why was there a failure?
What was the failure of Lincoln Savings & Loan?
Why does Mr. Cranston want to cooperate with Mr. Gonzalez?
Why did Lincoln Savings & Loan Association fail?
what if they cant be reached?
When have house hearings caused apprehension?
Who were the other senators?
How was Lincoln looted by their friend and political benefactor?
What is the date on the calendar?
Is there a particular cause for this gain?
Why did the stocks close firmer?
Why did stocks gain for five consecutive days?
what is the Nikkei index?
What country?
What country?
Why did they rise?
Why did stocks rise in London?
Why was Frankfurt market mixed?
The Frankfurt market was mixed in which sense?
What is the average for Tokyo?
Why did the Nikki index add 99.14?
what are these numbers?
What year?
the all time record?
What was the cause of that record breaking number?
How did the index almost reach a record of 35689.98?
Why did investment trust funds sell?
what is index-linked investment trust fund selling?
meaning shes attractive?
How was Josephine Baker transformed?
Who is she?
Why was she so well-regarded?
a double edged sword?
What traumas did Josephine Baker suffer?
What part became traumatic?
What roller coaster did Josephine Baker survive?
what happened after?
why would it thrive on bad news?
How is the economy struggling?
How does the bond market sometimes thrives on bad news?
What are the perceptions that the economy is growing weaker?
who does this impact?
Which data points are being looked at?
Why did bonds rise with the predictions of a troubled economy? 
Does lowering interest rates really stimulate the economy?
what do they expect from it?
What does this report entail?
what is the durable goods report?
Orders for what?
What is it mean by output ahead?
What is Crude oil is doing?
Who are OPEC oil producers?
how do they set the benchmark?
Why did they decline?
is there a reason for this?
Who are these analysts?
Who are in the 13-nation group?
What are Petroleum Exporting Countries doing?
What are Analysts doing?
which year was it?
Why is Kenneth Roman leaving Ogilvy?
Why was the takeover unwanted?
Was the takeover contentious?
What is the ad agency considered venerable for?
definition of this word?
Why was he wanting to leave Ogilvy?
Is there bad blood between Roman and Ogilvy?
why is he retiring so young?
Why is Mr. Freeman retiring?
Why was the effort embarrassing?
how did he try to discredit?
How was this action undertaken?
What was the effort?
What were the unfavorable articles about?
What is American Express's problem with Mr. Safra?
Has it been proven? 
Which big companies?
How do they fluctuate?
why did they dump?
Which investors?
What companies?
In what time period did the Dow Jones Industrial Average fall?
is it not actually cyclical?
What is the Dow Joes Industrial Average?
What is the time period in which this occurred?
Who were the advancers?
Do all investors feel this way or only some?
Why do people have fears of the recession coming?
are all investors fearing?
Who are the biggest investors?
"What is the quantifier for \""big\""?"
Which analysts?
Whats the total of these debt loads?
how did it become damaged?
What is the situation?
What is the unsettled labor situation?
Why is it's credibility damaged?
which week?
is it a bank?
Why are they using such old methods of recordkeeping in a digital age?
what is a red frock?
What was the original name of the coffeehouse? 
What's the basis for the red frock?
What is the troubled present?
What is troubled about the present?
Why is the company currently struggling?
Why is the present incarnation troubled?
why is it shaken?
Why is Lloyd's being shaken to its very foundation?
What is causing Lloyd's such trouble?
"Were there just fewer disasters in the previous decades, or are more people using Lloyd's now that weren't before?"
Why has the airline industry's fortunes taken a sudden turn for the worse?
Why have the airline industry's fortunes taken a sudden turn for the worse in the past few weeks?
What are the fortunes?
What is the cause of this turn around?
how poor will they be?
Which major carriers are posting poor third-quarter results?
How do these results differ from first-quarter results?
Why are the costs rising?
Who decides these cuts?
Is there a reason for the slow down?
which year is this?
"In addition to USAir Group Inc., what other airlines that have been stellar performers are also seeing net operating losses?"
What made them stellar?
What were the expectations?
What are the benefits to the airline industry to slash earning projections for the remainder of the year?
What is the cause?
how are they determining it?
What is the outlook for 1990?
Why does the airline industry believe that 1990 will also experience significant net losses?
Who is they that said that?
How do they know it will be bad?
Why are there already fears about the UK economic system?
why did it drop sharply?
How low did prices go?
How did Japan have a winning streak going on with their stocks?
how long was the streak?
What caused stocks to fall?
Why is there a decline in orders for manufactured goods?
Why is this decline harming the optimism of businesses?
what were the predecessors?
Who were the predecessors?
Who were the predecessors?
Who were its predecessors?
what happened?
What happened yesterday - why was it special?
What happened at the firm yesterday?
what does that mean?
What is an order imbalance?
What is an order imbalance?
How high was it on Monday?
Why did the rally happen?
How do people start their own businesses?
How many reasons are there?
What type of businesses?
why would they want that?
Why is it a chance to fill out sales-tax records?
How are sales-tax records filled out?
Why is there rarely a chance to fill out sales-tax records?
What is red tape referring to here?
what is a bugaboo?
Why is the tape red?
Why is the tape compared to a bugaboo?
Why is the business small?
How is red tape the bugaboo of small businesses?
Do most of these people hire others to take the responsibility of record-keeping?
why is it ironic?
"Why is there a probability that people who run their own businesses hate rules and demands by the federal, state and local regulations?"
Why do the business owners hate meeting rules and regulations?
How do the business owners meet the rules and regulations?
Why are there so many forms and regulations?
"Why is the business owner the only one available to work at meeting federal, state and local regulations?"
How are the rules and regulations enforced?
What types of forms and regulations are in small businesses?
What were the following among yesterday's offerings and pricings?
what are 8 percent notes?
I have no idea what this means?
Does that mean an 8.31% increase?
what does noncallable mean?
What is a basis point?
Why were they priced that way?
What was the value of the 10-year note?
what is a triple a rating?
What constitutes a AAA rating?
Why have they been selling these shares?
Why have insiders been selling?
Why have insiders been selling shares in Dun & Bradstreet?
of which year?
Why haven't they gotten into trouble for this?
Why were they selling shares?
Who are the six top executives who sold shares?
Which four insiders?
they must really be concerned right?
What is happening that they are selling more than half their holdings?
Who are the four insiders who sold more than half of their holdings?
how did insiders receive the tip to sell at this moment?
What were the negative comments?
what did they say exactly?
Why did those analysts make negative comments?
What were these negative comments about?
What were the negative comments made by analysts?
Why was the fairy assigned to Slovakia? 
Why does the author not consider Gruberova charming?
What things did Gruberova do nicely? 
What things did she not do well?
What did she not do well?
How did she fail?
What did she do poorly?
What did she do well?
Why is it described in this way?
Why did she not need to gasp for air? 
how does that work?
What people are in the know?
What is the difference between new direct loans and new primary loan guarantees?
what are secondary guarantees?
What is a secondary guarantee?
Why is this a huge concern?
How much do these figures amount to?
when was the new deal?
What is the new deal and when was it?
What is the New Deal?
What kind of gimmicks?
How has the management been deceptive?
why are they buying it?
Why is Sony going to own Jeopardy?
Why is Soichiro Honda in the US Hall of fame?
what is jeopardy? 
how much they did pay for this?
WHy would Japan get under your skin?
Why is Japan in an American hall of fame? Wouldn't it then be an international hall of fame?
what does japan do? 
what about apple pie?
What happened to our Apple Pie?
what is she going to make? 
Why are Fuji apples cropping up?
how does this apple look like? 
Why will it be planted more than any other apple tree?
Why is this apple tree better than the others?
how many trees will be planted? 
Why was diamond mining a day at the beach?
How was diamond mining a day at the beach where the Namib meets the Atlantic Ocean?
Why are they called the magnificent dunes?
How was mining a day at the beach?
Why was it a day at the beach? Does this mean it was easy?
where is that desert?
Are these miners or just local people?
Were all the shiny stones found diamonds?
were they easy to find?
What is easy about collecting shells at Malibu?
Are these the proper tools for diamond mining on the sand?
How large were these vehicles?
How did they become kingpins?
will they make more of these too?
is that considered high?
what gross national product?
What is the heavyweight class?
why is it quoted?
Why does a modern democratic developed nation mode of operation matter to a country's economic growth?
"How could the government convert itself into a modern, democratic developed nation mode of operation?"
what is GNP?
what about airports?
What protected them?
What protected them?
Who are these intellectuals?
Who are the defense intellectuals who have complained?
Which defense intellectuals?
can they be done at the same time?
What is the strategy?
What didn't work before?
Who are the strategists?
Whose parents were sharecroppers?
are they not white anymore?
which economic factors?
What was her college degree?
Where was the farm that was 50 miles north?
What academic degrees has he been blessed with?
how many generations total?
Whys is the stock market being so affected by the on again off again pattern?
Why was it twice in two weeks?
Why is the UAL buy-out on-again off-again?
Why is the stock market slamming the on-again off-again UAL buy-out?
Why is the UAL buy-out on-again and off-again?
What is UAL?
why are they retreating?
What is the correlation between the retreat of stock prices and the on again off again pattern?
Why are they retreating?
Why are the stock prices retreating?
Why are stock prices in a general retreat?
Why is the Dow Jones Industrial Average losing so much?
What caused the peak and decline of the industry?
Why did the stock peak at 2791.41 on Oct 9?
what are gainers?
What are the issues that are falling onto the Stock exchange?
Why are the issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange?
Why have the number of issues falling eclipsed the number of gainers?
What is the cause of such highs and lows?
Why are stocks hitting new lows?
Why are stocks hitting new lows outstripping the number of new highs?
what are municipal bonds?
Why is there an oversupply of bonds?
Why is there an oversupply of bonds?
Why is there an oversupply of bonds?
Why are commercial banks and property/casualty insurers dumping their securities?
Dumping their securities? I am not sure what that means?
Why are commercial bans and property/casualty insurers dumping their securities?
what is an institutional seller?
Why is the ratio between sellers and buyers so high?
Why can't the dealers continue to absorb this?
Why can't dealers absorb that many bids?
is that an abbreviation?
When was the last time the yields were that high?
Result of what?
What is the critical juncture the New York Mercantile Exchange is at?
Why is it at a critical juncture?
what are futures?
Which longtime observers?
which friday?
Why did Merc's board approve Henry Hub for the delivery site?
Why did they approve this?
What is the contract?
Why would they start trading the contract?
Why was this amount never thought possible?
What are the 40 companies?
what is a capital market?
What are the mega-issues?
What are mega-issues?
What are the Mega issues?
what is it evolving into?
What are the megaquestions?
What are the megaquestions?
What are the new issues?
How would stock trading be depressed?
How much money is needed?
Why are Indian stock markets unregulated?
Why are the markets unregulated?
Why does General Motors want to cut the number of outside law firms?
Why do they use so many different firms?
Why do they want to make this change?
Why is this goal being put in place?
Why does it want to cut the number of outside law firms it uses?
Why will it take 2 years?
Was he elected or appointed?
Why do they use in house and outside departments?
What kind of matters?
Why were outside law firms necessary when in-house counsel was already retained?
why so many?
What is the local counsel list?
why is it a trend?
Where did trend begin?
"If these legal staffs existed previously, why was so much work being farmed out?"
Why is there a trend to do more work in house?
in which year?
Why only 4 lawyers?
How long have these lawyers been practicing?
struggle back to where?
Why is Kidder Peabody & Co. struggling?
"Why are they \""trying\"" and not \""doing\""?"
struggle back from what?\n
What happened to them originally?
Struggle to get back what?
what was being squabbled about?
How did the 124-year-old firm stay in business for so long?
Why are there internal squabbles and defections?
How are the internal squabbles and defections being handled by the firm's management?
"What conditions caused something like this to happen to such an old, well-established company?"
How did the Kidder insider-trading scandal affect General Electric Co.?
How did the insider-trading scandal unfold?
How has this scandal affected the company as a whole?
What was the scandel?
why so much turmoil?
Why are the chief executives and presidents leaving?
Why is there so much turnover?
What presidents are they talking about?
How is the firm turning around?
What happened to make things turn around?
What is the turning point?
were there prior scandals?
What is the political scandal?
What political scandal is racking Japan?
What is the political scandal? 
HOW MANY CAME BEFORE?
how can it hurt both?
How is it hurting opposition?
What is hurting opposition as well as ruling party members?
Why is the scandal hurting everyone?
definition of this word?
What are these aspects?
What are some of the seamier aspects of Japanese society?
What are the seamier aspects of Japanese Society?
WHAT DOES THE SCANDAL INVOLVE?
Why have they stalled?
Why is this investigation necessary?
What is the investigation into?
TESTIFY TO WHAT?
Who is responsible for starting this scandal?
What makes it convoluted?
How far apart is the devision?
What is the scandal?
Why is the scandal convoluted?
Who is John Kluge?
How does she know these people?
WHAT COMPANY DOES SHE OWN?
How did she get this achievement?
IS THE AUTHOR IMPLYING THAT SHE HAS A LOT OF INFLUENTIAL FRIENDS? 
how are they not droppable?
What is droppable ?
WHAT EXACTLY IN THE INFERENCE IN THIS STATEMENT?
what is that?
How many parts are there in total?
What is GAF?
What was the cause of the mistrials?
How have the stakes changed?
Why were there mistrials?
How have the stakes changed?
Which industry does GAF Corp operate in?
how could they prove it?
Watched by who?
Why are these considered important tests?
Who was watching closely?
Who were the insider trading investigations targeting?
What kind of chemicals do they make?
What did they do to attempt to manipulate?
How much of the stock?
What were the 8 counts?
How was he attempting to manipulate the stock?
Why was the stock being sold?
related to dan?
How many witnesses were there?
Why was he pointed the finger at?
What crime was he implicated with?
Why was Mr. Jefferies the star witness?
Why will the rat eat well?
why will it eat well?
How does this differ from other rats?
What will the rat eat?
why are they turned away?
Why are they turning the state buyers away?
why does it effect pigs?
How much is inflation?
Why is it a safer bet?
What about the corporate farmers?
Who is this indomitable peasant?
What was their past like?
what is this type of market?
What is the over-the-counter market?
What is the Nasdaq over-the-counter market?
Why was there a selling stampede?
"What does \""over-the-counter market\"" mean?"
what are the effects of the Nasdaq over-the-market?
Why was there a computer driven sell off?
Why was there a subsequent rally?
Why did it get left behind?
what is the composite exactly?
Why did the industrial average recover?
How did the industrial average recover?
is that a big drop for one day?
What does composite mean?
does it exist?
How do investments offer returns?
Why are some returns worth getting excited about?
Why should I trust them telling me this is secure? What proof can they offer?
have they found anything?
Why are CDs maturing?
Why do people need to invest?
Why were certificates yielding more than 9%?
Why were some investors not willing to look for double-digit yields?
What does 'thrifts' mean in this instance?
Why is the average yield on a six-month CD under 8%?
is it really difficult?
What kind of alternatives?
Why are alternatives not easy to find for investors?
Why aren't they finding it easy?
what is the future of american business?
What is made in the miniature factory?
In what ways are we planning on doing this?
how long has she been a designer for?
is that cheap or expensive?
What exactly is the point of this project/program?
"who funded the 120,000?"
How did the early morning house fire kill a women?
which members?
who are the members?
How were the four other members injured?
How severely were they injured?
where did it spread to?
Why would the Fire Investigator not comment on the cause of the fire?
Why wouldn’t the fire investigator comment on the cause?
is there any doubt?
How does the fire investigator know it was an accidental fire?
Why are they fairly sure the fire was accidental?
What is C.C.'s last name?
How do they know Tilda Su Price was 53 years old?
Why was a firefighter C.C. killed?
"Who exactly was being killed at a \""rate of more than one a day\"" during 1988?"
why were they killing?
What caused this phenomenon?
What is the factor being mapped out?
What kind of neighborhoods were these?
Why were neighborhoods being tucked away?
Did the police not patrol the area?
is it a lot of money?
Are these typical tendencies of teenagers?
How does this compare to the power dynamic of international countries?
Was there a big war with drugs in the neighborhoods that caused all these deaths?
Did this have to do with drug addiction?
What was the cause of this previous record?
Why do the police blame drugs for the killings?
What contributed to the other 40% of slayings?
What were the reasons for the other 40 percent of slayings?
What did he do to have people question him?
Which years did Ronald Reagan hold the office of president?
Why would Ronald Reagan be an average to good president?
which scholars said this?
Which scholars of the presidency?
Who are these scholars?
Which political parties did these scholars belong to?
Why is their verdict tenative?
Is East-West relations referring to The Cold War?
How would Mikhail Gorbachev be more responsible than Reagan for improving East-West relations?
definition of this word?
Why was he an above average president?
isnt that a centrist?
Why would the American people mark rank him high?
Why would the American people rank him higher now as opposed to earlier times?
Why would historians and scholars treat Reagan a little it more harshly?
why did they do that?
Why was Cecilio Aguilar and two friends pounded to death?
Why did the uniformed men beat the man to death?
Why did they beat Cecilio and his friends to death?
Who are they associated with? 
Why was Francisco Diaz shot?
Why did they capture Francisco Diaz?
Where are the guerrillas from?
How are they politically motivated?
How did the civil war start?
Why is the Roman Catholic Church involved in the Legal Aid office?
what does homily mean?
What are rightist death squad operations?
Why has it been 13 years since the last official meeting?
What triumph did they score?
Why was their foreign policy so badly talked about?
Why is Sweden's foreign policy magnanimous and meddlesome?
Why was the foreign policy at the time seen so badly?
Why was it the first official meeting the US and the PLO in 13 years?
whos troubles?
What degree are they involved?
How is Sweden engaged in other people's troubles?
Why does Sweden have such a large part to play?
Why is it considered surprising for a small country to be engaged in international affairs? 
Why does the country give so much advice to others?
How are these people related to Sweden or the countries they are advising?
why do they see it that way?
Why does Sweden see their foreign policy as so integral?
How is Sweden defining its well-being in this context?
How highly does the average Swede prioritize national security? 
Why has Libya started producing chemical weapons?
What chemical weapons has Libya been producing?
"What steps are we taking, if any to stop this?"
are they lying?
How do we know Libya is really producing chemical weapons here?
How do we know they're lying?
so which one is it?
Which U.S. officials said this?
why did he want to be anonymous?
How does the official know Libya has conducted test runs?
How does the official know Libya has limited production of chemical weapons?
How do the officials know they've been conducting test runs?
why do they have so many?
Why were they imprisoned?
Who are the 225 political prisoners?
why are they so dangerous?
Who are the diplomats?
Why are they recognized in this way?
Why is a US group advocating for non-citizens to be released from custody?
Why are the prisoners dangerous?
Why is the Conference pressing for the prisoners' release?
What types of charges were they facing?
What are some of the political charges?
why during that year?
Why 250 and who are they?
where is indochina?
Why did it take a decade to for the compensatory payments to be mandated?
Why did it take so long?
how much is the payment?
how much will they pay?
How many payments will there be?
How did they arrive at this average payment?
Is that all they'll get for their pain and suffering?
Why was the lawsuit filed?
Why did it take 11 years for someone to make them pay?
how is this funded? by who?
what was the interest rate?
Why hasn’t the fund been used?
"Why was it so low? So many families have suffered from exposure to Agent Orange, shouldn't the settlement have been higher?"
why would it set a trend?
how many parents announced the birth of children
Why did naming their daughter Beatrice not start a trend?
Why did they name her Beatrice?
Why are Alice and Charlotte the most popular girl first names?
Are these popular in only London?
why no effect?
Why would the royal birth have any effect on commoners?
Why did it not have effect?
which year was the article written?
Where is the name database derived from?
Why at this time?
Why do parents give their children more than two forenames?
Why are they given two or more forenames?
Who is the economic forecasting firm?
How will they raise?
Why are they expected to rise at this rate?
What accounts for this significant rise?
What firm is that?
What impact will this rise have?
Why did consumer prices rise 1722 percent?
are they researching it?
Why was there a recession?
What occurred in 1986 and 1987 to cause this?
What caused this recession?
how long has he had that job?
What are some indicators that might have caused this?
What caused it to shrink this much?
Why would they be paying the price for growth?
0
is there civil unrest?
What caused the crisis?
Why are there shortages?
"What is the connection between the recession and the shortages? Is there a break in the supply chain, or are people hoarding?"
Why would the crisis cause shortages of basic foods?
where is the complex?
How are they cleaning it up?
Which country id the Energy Department in?
how is this troubled? 
why so long?
Who was the author of the report?
who will be funding this?
How did the facilities get radioactive and chemical contamination?
are there any risks for it being so old?
What kind of new facilities?
how would they phase this out?
why is it known as that?
what does that mean?
What is manna from heaven?
Why is astrology being used as comparable to barren shops?
what is perestroika?
What is perestroika?
How does democratization relate to streamline the Soviet economy?
who is he?
Who is the Kremlin?
How does the export ban affect imported goods?
Why does the weather have this effect on farm production predictions?
why is it a question?
How does the weather affect farm production?
How was the weather in 1989?
why is it the biggest question mark
How does the historical record disprove this?
Did the drought occur all over the United States?
what is subsoil?
How can subsoil moisture be measured and what does it tell you?
How long does it take for subsoil moisture to recover after experiencing a drought?
Why do they still have these fears if the historical record shows little chance of it repeating?
what kind of nightmares?
What concerns do the economists have if the drought and heat repeats?
What is the percentage of the heat and drought repeating?
How will the output changes effect livestock producers?
Why are crop prospects vital for feed grains?
Why are feed grains particularly affected?
How do the crop prospects impact on livestock producers?
How might the output affect livestock producers?
What is the accident rate?
what is the punishment if they aren't?
How can this be enforced?
are there fatalities too?
how many fatal injuries?
"What is a \""finder's-keeper's policy\""?"
what about east germanY?
What is West Germany's traffic volume?
what are his credentials?
What country is Roland Dumas the Foreign Minister of?
What countries are these?
Why are they avoiding judging events in the past?
Why is curbing future chemical weapons the purpose of the meeting?
in what city?
Why do people expect the US to make an issue?
Why is the United States expected to make an issue of Libya's large chemical weapons plant?
How does the United States know Libya has built a large chemical weapons plant?
Why did the U.S. Navy down two Libyan jet fighters?
How were the Libyan jet fighters downed?
Why were two Libyan jet fighters downed?
was it really that long?
What chemical weapons did they use?
Why did Iraq use chemical weapons in the Persian Gulf war?
How did Iraq use chemical weapons during the Persian Gulf war?
What conference are they talking about?
How does Iraq know Iran used chemical weapons first?
Why are the Cuban troops returning to Cuba from Angola?
what were they doing in angola?
Why were Cuban troops in Angloa?
How long have Cuban troops been in Angola?
What is a puppet government?
what is a puppet government?
How long have U.N. peacekeeping troops been in Namibia?
which year was it?
What were the obligations Castro and Cuba had?
What were the specifics of the peace accord?
Who is he?
Does Angola have it's own military force?
in what year?
Where is here?
How old was Ryder?
How long was she chairman for?
What was her role in the company?
What type of publication is the Army Times?
what year is it now?
How did the board handle this news?
How did he die?
"Is the combined circulation of 150,000 in print or online subscriptions?"
Why did it become Times Journal Co?
where is that?
Is this only published in the San Diego area?
What type of publication is the Print William Journal? What does it focus on?
was it a mistake?
Why were they approached at high speed?
Why were they approached in a hostile manner?
What were they doing that?
did anyone die?
Why did only two American F-14s act solely?
Were they shot at and had to defend themselves or just nervous at responded?
How do we know or how can we tell that they activated their weapons first?
How can they prove that?
what weapons are they making?
Why did Carlucci deny?
What were the US jets doing airborne if they weren't participating in a military strike?
Why would a U.S. military strike against the plant cause an international furor?
Did the president not oppose a U.S. military strike before the jets were shot down?
Who are the Red Brigades?
Why was the assistant director targeted?
Why were the men wearing masks?
why did the terrorists shoot and wound the assistant director of a prison?
Why did the terrorists try to seize the director of a prison?
Why were the Red Brigades terrorists trying to seize the assistant prison director?
who is he?
Where is Tivoli?
How did the two men block his path?
is that a real group?
What does he have to do with the communist party?
How did the assailants identified themselves as members of the New Red Brigades of the Fighting Communist Party?
How did they try to grab de Luca?
Why did the assailants identify themselves so explicitly and specifically?
did they only want to injure him?
Why was he being targeted?
Why did he shoot him in the thigh?
What was the car?
How were they able to flee when the bodyguard was shooting at them?
How were they able to escape with a car?
Why didn’t the bodyguard intercede sooner? 
What cartoons are his favourites?
38
Which cartoons does he love?
who will they be?
Where was the news conference?
What kind of offpsring would it be then?
are they all baby characters?
all of them?
Why has it never happened before?
What is a customs war?
Why this product specifically?
How does this product correlate with auto parts? 
what do they buy?
What are they allowed and not allowed to do travel wise?
Who were the East's trade skirmishes with?
what is a salvo?
Why did they ban exports of these?
What is the Warsaw Pact?
Why were these items specifically targeted in the export ban?
Why did Czechoslovakia ban the export of these consumer goods? 
Why is the economy stagnating?
Why is the Czech economy stagnating? 
what was the reply?
Why is Czechoslovakia the only nation East Germany can visit?
Why is Czechoslovakia the only nation East Germans can visit without a visa?
Who is the head of the food and drug administration?
Why is the number of applications for new drug approvals doubling every year?
Why aren't they able to get a budget increase to hire more staff to help?
How is this slow approval process affecting people's lives?
Why does it take so long to approve an application? 
how are they able to double it?
Why has it doubled each year?
how soon will it sink?
What is the hold up with getting more staff?
"What are the implications of \""the whole ship\"" sinking?"
Why is slashing the federal deficit a formidable job?
Why is the Congressional Budget Office slashing next year's federal deficit?
How is it going to be more formidable?
Why do they not realize how formidable it is?
of which year?
Why will the deficit be $141 billion?
How does spending affect the deficit?
How are the cuts going to be instituted?
Why is the ink red?
Why will next year's red ink be more manageable?
How was the estimation concluded?
what does nonpartisan mean?
How will they know if it is accurate?
Why will it be more difficult for Bush and Congress to meet the $100 billion deficit target?
Which domestic programs would be affected by automatic spending cuts?
is it a good idea to do that?
Why is the government failing to come within $10 billion of its deficit target?
How do the cuts affect the programs?
Why is reaching the goal necessary?
What kind of domestic and defense programs?
Where is Beirut?
Where is Belfast?
Which city's city hall?
Why is the Belfast man being held hostage in Beirut?
Why is he in captivity?
how was he captured?
what does he do for work?
How was Brian Keenan kidnapped?
Why did he choose to work in such a dangerous area?
why would he take a job in Beirut?
how would she forget?
Which other family memebers?
were his parents there? is he still alive?
take until what?
What steps have governments taken to help?
Does this mean that nothing has been done to try to bring this poor guy home?
Does that mean that it was not the janitor then?
What does executive clemency mean?
Who did he murder?
What was the other part of the pardon based on?
which governor?
Why did they recommend he be pardoned?
"Who is Gerald L. Baliles, is he the 'Southside Strangler'? "
which year is it now?
How can you take back your confession of murder?
Who did he kill?
is he allowed to do that?
Why is he recanting his confession?
How has Federal Home Loan Bank Board contributed to the wave of S&L failures?
What wave of S&L failures?
Which top bank official?
What is S&L?
Why should the insurance funds be independent of the bank board?
of which year?
What does S&L have to do with the bank board?
are there other goals too?
What is the FSLIC?
So that the insurer will do what?
What are the Nielsen's ratings?
What was CBS top four spots?
What was CBS highest-rated TV movie?
What did NBC win?
What was the highest rated TV movie this season?
who was playing?
"What was the \""big football game and who was playing"
Are these the top rankings?
is that a high rating?
What is a 41 share?
What is a share in relation to a show?
who are the bradys?
How are these ratings obtained?
Does this include multiple TV's in homes?
What are they eating?
How are they measuring how much American's are eating?
what are they choosing?
How does the Agriculture Department measure whether Americans are being choosier?
How does the Agriculture Department measure the amount of food Americans consume each year?
What kinds of new or different menu choices are Americans making?
How are Americans choosier about what's on the menu?
because of vegetarians?
Why is consumption of food from animals dropping?
What is the avergae per capita food consumption in the United States?
What is edible tallow?
Why has there been lower per capital consumption of these animal products?
"To what do analysts owe the decline in American consumption of beef, eggs, milk, butter, lard and edible tallow?"
Why can’t farm-to-market statistics and the other trade information be taken too literally?
In what ways can farm-to-market statistics be inaccurate?
What other trade information is the information derived from?
does food get lost?
In what other ways are food disappearance estimates measured?
will he remain anonymous?
Why is there speculation that the one private consultant trafficked valuable Department information?
How was this information gained?
How soon would that be?
Why would they do that?
Why is Mr. Hudson spearheading the nationwide investigation?
How is Mr. Hudson investigating?
What tipped off the investigation?
Why did it begin then? What was the catalyst?
with what amount of certainty?
Why does the defense attorney think the indictments could come on Friday?
How will the defense attorney know if the indictments have come on Friday?
Who was the defense attorney?
Who was that attorney?
Why did Mr. Hudson think the indictments would be in hand in November?
Why did Mr. Hudson not receive the indictments in November?
Is this an indication that the indictments  didn't come then?
Why is she commenting at all if she has no information?
Why are Soviet troops ready to leave Afghanistan?
Who are the Afghan resistance leaders?
Why are the Afghan guerrillas paralyzed politically?
Why was the government backed by the Soviets?
What is a totalitarian government?
are they incompetent?
What internal rivalries do they have?
What sort of internal rivalries are there with the guerrillas?
is it a metaphor?
definition of this word?
Who are the seven Pakistan-based guerrilla groups?
What is Legionnaires' disease?
what is that disease?
What is Legionnaires' disease?
What are some of the symptoms?
What is Legionnaires' disease?
What are the symptoms of Legionnaires' disease?
why does it take so long?
What lab values are being measured in the test for Legionnaires' disease?
How does water vaporize?
How was there vaporized water in the school?
"Besides vaporized water, are there any other means of transmission of Legionnaires' disease?"
"What consitutes \""vaporized water\""?"
which year is this?
What are some examples of bacteria sources?
Did they find bacteria sources?
What were health officials looking for?
What is the significance of  sampling the water?
How do they take the samples?
How will the samples be tested?
what are the charges?
What are the 12 charges?
What are the two major charges?
Why is he no longer the National Security Council Aide?
What was the original charge and what are the other charges?
What are the 12 other charges Oliver North is facing?
What are these two major charges?
Dismiss charges with what evidence?
How did the proceeds get to the Nicaraguan Contras?
Why does he want these charges dismissed?
why does he have little discretion?
Exactly why will the charged be dismissed?
Who are the legal experts?
What are the problems?
What does it mean for security problems to 'be worked out'?
will he consider them?
is that a metaphor?
Why did the State Department switch signals?
Who are the PLO?
What made the state department change?
Why has the State Department changed attitudes towards the PLO?
Why only informal?
Why can American diplomats only interact with the PLO on an informal basis?
How do American diplomats keep their interactions with the PLO strictly informal?
how do they do that?
where is that?
Why is the ambassador to Tunisia the one authorized to dialogue with the PLO?
why is that the perfect way?
Who are the education lobbyists?
Which lobbyists in particular say this?
What is George Bush's pledge to be the education president?
Why does Mr. Morris feel that it won't solve the problem?
Did this really happen? is this a metaphor?
How soon would he have to put in the money?
Why is the newspaper making allegations about cabinet nominees?
How does the newspaper know the organization was riddled with former Nazi collaborators?
How did the collaborators collaborate with Nazis?
Which Senate committee chairman?
how new is it?
Why does The Oakland Tribune have questions  that are unanswered?
Why should the questions be answered before the Senate approval?
Why was Edward Derwinksi nominated as head of Department of Veterans Affairs?
What questions do they have?
Why is Sen. Alan Cranston conducting the nomination hearings?
Why is Bush responsible for looking into the editorial's charges?
How is the investigation conducted?
How does the editorial know Derwinski associated with former fascists and anti-Semites in 1972?
Why was Derwinski leading the Heritage Groups for Re-election of the President?
How does the editorial know that Bush's Coalition of American Nationalities is fascist and has anti-Semites?
"Did he share their views, or did some simply happen to be in the same group as him?"
Why does it sound like Derwinsk admitting guilt?
How does association relate to finding someone guilty of a charge?
what is mature relationship?
Why is a more mature relationship expected?
Why do the nation's cities expect a more mature relationship with the federal government under George Bush?
How does the incoming president of the National League of Cities know cities relationships with George Bush will be more mature?
What does a more mature relationship entail?
why were they pampered?
Can you give example?
How would a pampered childhood be described?
Why is Mayer Terry Goddard using a parent-child analogy?
Why did children have pampered childhoods in the sixties and seventies?
"How was the \""child\"" pampered?"
what happened then?
Why were we orphaned at the beginning of the eighties?
Why were they orphaned in the eighties?
How were they orphaned in the eighties?
Why were they abruptly orphaned?
"How were they \""orphaned\""?"
who threw them out?
What storm were we thrown into?
Why were they told to defend for themselves?
In what way were they thrown out and told to fend for themselves?
Why were we looking for a bonding of the federal and local government?
Why do the federal government and local government need a common purpose?
Why was Goddard elected president of the league?
Which government spokesman?
What crimes?
What crimes were they convicted of?
why were they returned to Cuba?
what is an auxiliary bishop?
Due process in the US or Cuba? What due process?
What countries due process are we talking about?
what is an Auxiliary Bishop ?
Who are the four?
Why were they at this prison?
what did the judge say?
Who is District Judge U.W.?
What is the specific date?
what did U.S. District Judge U.W. do?
so they got shipped back to cuba?
Why was the request denied?
Why was the request denied?
who or what is Clemon?
Which factory?
how did the cloud appear?
where is the Reagan presidential library ?
Where did the chlorine cloud come from?
What was the cause of the chlorine cloud?
why did it turn green?
"In what ways does chlorine gas cause health problems, up to and including death?"
What is the suburb named?
why was the valve loose?
How big did the wrench have to be?
how did it freeze the valve?
do they effect the engines?
What sort of disaster?
What are the federal agencies?
who will watch it?
What is the name of the program?
Which federal agencies?
How will the volcano alert project work?
How widely?
what island is it on?
How many airliners were affected?
What time period is this article written in and what probe are we talking about?
Who were the individuals indicted in the investigation?
Who were the three figures who pled guilty to the charges?
How come no one else was indicted?
Why was Stuart Berlin reassigned by the Pentagon in 1988?
what is that?
What kind of classified information?
what was the information in reference to?
did he provide information to these companies when he worked in the navy?
what is an affidavit?
What kind of battlefield equipment?
exactly what type of information did Hazeltine want?
Why would the Reagan administration restrain Medicare and Medicaid?
Where is this funding coming from?
Why would medicare and medicaid be restrained?
What will this department do with that money?
Why is the department getting $22.8 billion more?
is that a good ratio?
What will the cost-of-living boost do to help?
of which year?
Did he end up making cuts to social security?
how is it treated?
Did this help the situation?
Why do the Central American immigrants want to apply for asylum?
Which county are these Central American immigrants from?
Which U.S. destinations are they traveling to?
Where is Central America are the immigrants from?
can it be reversed?
Who filed the lawsuit and is representing the immigrants?
Where do these interviews currently take place?
in what year?
How long would this restraining order last?
What will be the cost?
Why is the government making this recommendation?
Why is the government recommending this?
Why do the rivets need to be replaced?
what is a rivet exactly?
"Again, why? And shouldn't they already have inspection procedures?"
What are these procedures and why do they need to be adopted?
why so long?
What will be the losses/cost of this?
Why is the timetable over such a long span of time?
just from getting old?
Has this resulted in any accidents?
Cracking what parts or where?
How long did that take?
Why issue a new order if a similar one has already been issued?
Why did they riot?
Why were they rioting?
Why did they choose to stay overnight?
Why was there a riot?
why is this quoted?
How were they injured?
What was the damage?
What were the injuries?
so its not for minors?
Why does it have this name?
What type of criminals are these?
Why is the average age so high?
who was the injured officer?
is that not really how it happened?
How did he slip and fall?
What caused the officer to slip?
Who is the Texas murderer with the mind of a 7-year-old?
what is a high court?
based on what?
Who is the federal?
Why did they reject the arguments?
why so low?
is he insane?
Why was his schooling so brief?
How was Nancy Reagan involved in the fashion industry?
How did Nancy Reagan contribute to American fashion?
Who offered this praise?
Who saluted Nancy Reagan for her style?
How do they decide who should get what awards?
Is the council made up of fashion organizations or individual people?
What other awards are given during this ceremony?
How long was Mrs. Reagan in the White House?
7
What are the pluses and minuses to being in the White House?
is he american?
How well-known is Oscar de la Renta in the fashion world?
Is the American fashion industry often overlooked?
How does she help the fashion industry?
What did she do to help?
What actions did Mrs. Reagan take to spread the word about America's fashion industry?
Why did the former Yale University lecturer ask for refugee status in Canada?
Which Yale University lecturer?
What is the name of this lecturer?
Did Canada accept him as a refugee?
Who is the former Yale University lecturer?
Why would Vladimir Sokolov's life be in danger?
of which year?
Where are Vladimir's whereabouts now?
Why Vladimir Sokolov disappeared?
Why is he claiming that his would be in danager?
Why hasn't a date been set yet for an immigration hearing?
will it be far in the future?
What exactly did Sokolov write about in the newspaper?
What was the newspaper?
What were some the contents of his writing that were judged to be Nazi propaganda?
"What does \""Nazi censors\"" mean?"
Have any of these Nazi's been identified?
Why has the remarriage rate been declining?
is there a reason why?
How much has the remarriage rate been declining? 
How was this confirmed?
How was this confirmed?
When did the counting of this started?
is that considered old?
What government agency carried out this report?
"What is the actual statistic, and how many people were surveyed?"
are they comprehensive?
How many samples were used here?
Which states participated?
How were these stats compiled?
Where is statistics from?
What specific years were used for this data?
Why is there fear that the U.S. government will go at world trade alone?
How will the accord cut spending for farmers by tens of billions of dollars?
Why will the U.S. government go alone in world trade?
Why will the spending on farmers cut down?
Who is International Monetary Fund?
What is the name of the accord?
why would he do it?
How will Mr. Baker single determine which countries should be favored trading partners?
Why not promote U.S. trade with the whole world?
Which countries are favored?
Why do farmers receive subsidies?
Which countries are the major industrial countries?
What are the costs?
"Why are the United States, western Europe and Japan the highest cost?"
which year?
What speech are they talking about?
Why is Mr. Baker qualified to be the Secretary of The Treasury?
What was the mission?
How long have they been there?
Has this always been a war torn nation?
Why did Cuban troops fight for independence for Namibia?
Why is this nation featuring such strife?
What is the name of the accord?
"Who are the non commissioned officers, where do they come from?"
By who's orders must they leave?
Was this date chosen for a particular reason?
where is angola?
Why were the troops in Angola?
Was their mission successful?
why are there so many there?
How are the troops going to leave Angola?
who is saying this?
How were the people helped by the Cuban troops?
What is being studied?
Do they have a designated amount of time they have to serve?
Why is Daniel Felipe studying?
What studies will the Cubans resume
why is there a shortage?
Why is there an electricity shortage?
What caused the electricity shortage?
How has a shortage in electricity curtailed transportation?
What caused the electricity shortage?
What broadcasts have been cut?
what are his credentials?
Which U.S. energy officials?
What is a communique?
is it a small town?
What is the point of a thermometric station?
How does a thermoelectric station work?
Is the embassy expected to make a comment at a later time?
What made this start a month ago?
How many hours are the street lights on for?
How many hours of service were cut?
Which union newspaper?
Which trade unions are looking to strike?
which group?
Which apartment renters' group?
"Which apartment renters' group, also?"
Who is the apartment renters' group?
Which social tensions would be aggravated by water and sewage cost increases?
Which country's government?
what are his credentials?
Which aspect of commerce's consumer prices will be increasing?
which will it affect most?
"Which Illinois, Indiana and Kentucky towns?"
Which towns?
Which towns did the tornadoes tear through?
where is wabash?
When did the tornado occur?
What area are most of the homes and businesses destroyed?
What is the name of the local bank where there is an emergency command post?
will they recover?
is he unsure?
How were they rescued?
Who were the four or five people unaccounted for?
Why will the Soviet Union destroy its chemical weapons?
Why does the Soviet Union have stockpiles of chemical weapons?
Why is Minister Eduard A Shevardnadze making announcements about chemical weapons?
How many of these weapons do they have?
which year was it?
Why is the Soviet Union eliminating chemical arms?
Why was the international conference addressing chemical weapons?
What types of chemical weapons?
how many countries?
Which other countries?
Which other countries will be invited to visit the facility?
Why were representatives of other countries invited to the facility?
Which countries will be invited?
Why did he not elaborate?
Why did the Soviet Union wait too long to stop production?
How long did they wait?
can they catch up?
What had happened over the past two years?
How are they making up time quickly?
Why was there such opposition from the US and its allies?
Who were the others directing the occupation of Japan?
Why did MacArthur not want him removed from power?
Why would an Allied General oppose what his commanding officers wanted?
What did the other 30 percent want to happen?
which governments?
Which governments harbored these views?
Which allied governments had similar views to the U.S.?
Why did so many people want him executed or imprisoned?
What are a few examples of these countries?
how did he die?
Why did MacArthur not want the monarch of Japan punished?
"Why would a general who fought this man in a bloody war and lost countless number of soldiers to his commands, want no punishment for him when the war is finally over?"
was he guilty for sure?
Which other officials received this punishment?
Why were some officials hanged and others weren't?
Why were they hanged and not the Emperor?
Which lawmakers?
what is the federal budget nowadays?
WHY IS IT IGNORED IF IT IS PROPPED UP SO HIGH IN LAWMAKERS VIEWS?
Why is the work schedule ignored?
Why is the schedule ignored?
which year is it now?
Why is it necessary for Congress to complete the spending plan by April 15?
WHAT DO THESE BILLS DEAL WITH?
WHAT ARE SOME EXAMPLES OF THESE INGREDIENTS?
What are the ingredients for delay?
Which parts of the bills will likely lead to delays?
WHY WOULD THEY IGNORE ONE PLAN FOR THE OTHER?
Why would it be inconsequential?
which town?
What is the name of the city manager?
Is there a reason for the hesitation?
How much money will the residents save?
How will this be a money-saver?
How will the change save money for residents?
What is the change that will save money for residents?
Why do they feel it will be unreliable?
Why will they increase?
"What are their current rates, are they fair?"
Why would the power system be unreliable?
Why will the system be unreliable?
How will the municipal power system be unreliable?
why is it a gamble?
What is the main challenge?
Why is the power company a gamble?
Why is the local power company a gamble?
How is the Clyde Light and Power a gamble?
Is it his job to create electricity solutions?
How can he be sure this will be the case?
How far into the future before rates get better?
Where was the jetliner coming from?
Do they know what caused the crash?
Was anyone on the ground killed in this crash?
where is belfast?
Which Highway?
"Where in England, specifically?"
The destination?Where were they going?
What airline was the jetliner from?
Why did the jetliner crash?
Where there casualties that were not passengers on the plane?
why did it fail?
Why did the engine fail?
Who was suspected?
Why did the engines fail?
what kind of engine trouble?
Who is the Civil Aviation Authority?
Did this happen as a result of the engine failure or was it a mistake made by the pilot?
what is shearing?
Was anyone on the highway injured or killed?
what does careened mean?
Did the debris cause any injuries or deaths?
Why are the people in such an unagreeable state?
Which political parties are struggling to emerge?
Which political parties?
why did it drop opposition?
Why has China dropped it's opposition?
Why is Britain holding Hong King's election?
does that mean independent?
How do they compare and contrast to western-style parties?
What is a sovereign government?
What do you mean by sovereign government more specifically?
What is the high degree of autonomy Beijing promises?
why was he asked?
How do they expect 300 people to form a viable party?
Why is the hotel considered a home away from home?
How is the hotel being renovated?
Which six presidents was it a home away from home for?
Why is this hotel so popular amongst these celebrity types?
Are they renovating the entire hotel including the rooms?
what are his credentials?
Why is the hotel strange and lonely?
Why is the president talking about the hotel?
How long has he been the general manager there?
Why was the hotel not prepared for an earthquake?
How did the earthquake trigger a fire?
Which quake destroyed much of the city?
How big was the quake?
Was it remodeled at that time?
How much of the city was destroyed?
Why are the walls 12 feet thick?
How did the brick walls save the shell?
How was the hotel altered?
Why did they add stories?
What other alterations were done during those times?
is that another name for quake?
How does a temblor strike?
What year was he a guest there?
Why has no headway been made on the worrisome threat?
How are terrorists getting chemicals?
Why are there leaders bent on genocide?
Which experts?
How does poison gas work?
Why does the action by governments need to be energetic?
Why does the private industry need to be involved?
why do they refuse?
What small nations refuse to ban chemical weapons?
How is the declaration supposed to help stop the production of chemical and biological weapons?
what was his name?
What makes the European a specialist?
How does the European feel?
Who is the European specialist?
Which European specialist?
was it a popular movie?
which movie is winning?
what is a savant?
Why did movie-goers prefer Rain Man over these other two movies?
what research was conducted to provide this estimation?
Why is the surgeon general releasing a report on smoking?
How did the surgeon general arrive at the estimate?
WHY IS THERE AN INCREASE WITH SO MUCH ADVERTISING AGAINST SMOKING AND TAXING OF TOBACCO PRODUCTS?
What sources / institute were used to collerate the death figures 
How does the surgeon general know smoking is the cause for 9 out of 10 lung cancer deaths among women?
WHAT ARE SOME OF THE OTHER CAUSES FOR LUNG CANCER?
What research confirms this?
Why are 43 chemicals in tobacco?
How were the chemicals confirmed to be cancer causing?
How is smoking a major cause of cerebral vascular disease?
WHAT IS CEREBRAL VASCULAR DISEASE?
Why did the Monitor distribute a release two days before the report was to have been made public?
WHAT WAS DONE DIFFERENTLY TO INCREASE ACCURACY? WHY WASN'T IT THOUGHT OF BEFORE NOW?
Where does this estimation come from?
Why do 50 million Americans still smoke?
How does Koop estimate that 50 million Americans still smoke?
IS THIS ONLY TALKING ABOUT CIGARETTES? OR OTHER TYPES OF SMOKING TOO?
What is the celestial mystery that was solved?
Which astronomers?
how did it devour it?
How do pulsars get spinning hundreds of times a second?
what is a superdense star?
is it a complex process?
Why is it compared to the black widow
Stars spin?
How did Andrew Fruchter detect the star and its companion?
spring of which year?
What is classed as a star's companion and why?
Who is Liberace's ex-lover?
why is it in quotes?
Who was this convicted drug dealer?
28
Who is Liberace's ex-lover?
Who was the convicted drug dealer?
Who was murdered during the 1981 quadruple murder?
on their knees doing what?
Who was this group of people?
Who was the group of people who robbed Eddie Nash?
Why was John Holmes tried for this crime?
when will the actual hearing begin?
How reliable are these witnesses?
Who were the two murder victims?
who are they?
Why was he giving Pres. Bush the responsibility instead?
Which friendly nations?
Why is Reagan battling the United Nations?
Why is Reagan tossing the question to Bush?
What are the friendly nations?
How much of this was going to assist in the Contra affair?
Why won't the Bush administration change the budget?
What officials say that?
how long has it been that way?
Why was there no request for Contra assistance?
Why will it be Bush's decision?
What is the Contra issue?
What is the East-West control agreement?
Why does Greece not want to give ground?
What does the arms control agreement entail?
Which human rights conference is in Vienna?
why so many meetings?
Why is this meeting significant?
Why would this be their last meeting?
what about unconventional methods?
Why is it beneficial to expose the Turkish government?
Why does Greece want to have more of Turkey under traditional arms agreements?
Why does the Greek government want to expose Turkey to arms control?
where is cyprus?
Why are they suspicious of turkey?
Why is Greece fretful about Cyrus?
What percentage are they wanting to reduce the military?
Why is no one else in NATO concerned with Turkey's arms issues?
Who are the 16 nations in the NATO alliance?
Why did the war on drugs outrank cutting the deficit?
How was the money spent to beat back the tide of illegal narcotics?
Why was there a tide of illegal narcotics in the United States?
why is it so important to him?
Why is drug law enforcement a priority of the government?
How do supporting workers help the DEA?
How were the proposed outlays created?
how much more effective will that be?
What kind of supporting workers would the DEA add?
"How are the agencies involved in prevention, treatment and law enforcement?"
How will the enforcement be carried out?
Who are the agencies involved?
Why is the amount going to increase?
How did the money have an affect on the agencies effectiveness?
which year is this?
why would there be an empty seat?
Why would there be an empty seat in the Cabinet?
Who would be missing from the table?
Who is supposed to be at the empty seat?
What are they sitting down for?
Why will there be an empty seat at the table?
why is it difficult?
Why is the search for a Secretary of Energy more difficult?
What does the secretary of energy entail that would make it difficult to find someone?
Why is it more difficult than anticipated?
Why has the search proven more difficult?
What kind of political problems?
What kind of technical difficulties?
What is fraught?
What type of political problems?
What are these political problems?
what is a furor?
What was the furor that knocked James Schlesinger out?
Was the public angry or excited?
What does furor mean?
How did it knock James Schlesinger out of contention?
Why did Gov. William Clements oppose Schlesinger?
Does it really matter what Governors think ? Are their opinions accounted for in the selection process?
Who chose Schlesinger in the first place?
Why did Clements strong oppose?
star wars the movie?
Which congressional leaders and defense experts?
How much money is he wanting to set aside?
What spurred him to want to do this?
What type of military weaponry does President Reagan intend to purchase with the money set aside?
Why do congressional leaders and defense experts say there there is little chance of approval of the President's request to set aside money for military weaponry?
Whats the date of this specific Monday?
What is the rate of inflation?
How with the increased budget authority for military weaponry affect American taxpayers?
what does this word mean?
What kind of research?
On what is this money being spent?
Who's making the outlays
How do these outlays compare to the other years President Reagan has held office?
of what year?
What year did Bush take office?
In what ways does President-elect Bush expected to amend the Reagan budget after he takes office Jan. 20?
How long was Shultz's tenure?
how is this pertinent to his position?
definition of this word?
What kinds of things trouble him?
why not directly?
Why did these things trouble him?
why is this event the place he chose do do so?
why does it bother him?
In what ways does America lose its prestige?
why does free speech bug him?
Which powers is he discussing?
how does he not see the parallel?
How did North mislead the congressman?
Why would Coors give Nicaraguan rebels so much money?
were they selling guns to iran?
Why is the President of Southern Air travel going to be a good testimony for the prosecution?
Who are the new names?
Why were the charges dismissed?
Why would they dismiss the central charges?
does he deserve it?
What are the charges?
Why was this information still being held in secret?
Why would the administration refuse to declassify the key information of the case?
What interagency intelligence group?
How did he claim the credit for himself?
Why is a tax increase being considered?
How would a tax increase undermine Reagan’s legacy?
What was the unemployment rate?
What measures did Reagan's administration take in order to cause this change?
which year?
How could a period of American prosperity be compared with the world being reborn?
Was the creative genius of ordinary Americans the only factor causing this prosperity?
Where were the bank and savings institutions failures?
What kind of failures occurred and how severe were they?
How did these deficits change during Reagan's terms?
Where did it place blame?
Where did the report place the blame for the bad year for banks and savings institutions? 
what are boat people?
Why did the Thai authorities turn the refugees back to sea?
why did they drown
Who caused the violence?
Which human rights group?
Why did they turn the refugees back?
why was it prejudiced?
what is the reasoning
Do they have proof of this?
Who alleged them and based on what?
how did they kill so many?
Who is the it the committee is basing these claims on?
why were they still refused
Is there any penalty for going back on this announcement?
Why are the nation's atomic weapons plants crumbling?
Why are the plants falling apart?
What are his credentials to receive this label as an authority on nuke warfare?
why is the safety decreasing?
Why are the plants becoming unsafe?
Why did James Watkins end his 41-year Navy career?
how many months?
What hot seat had James Watkins stepped in?
What was the position? 
why did he pick him?
What were the commission's findings at this time?
What does a Naval cheif/nuclear warfare expert have to do with a plan for a healthcare disease? 
who are shining path?
Where is this valley? 
Why and how would Lima police and Maoist guerrillas be active in the same areas?
What were the students protesting about?
which tuesday?
Which country is La Cronica printed in?
Is the Shining Path connected to the coca-growing operations?
Who all died?
why are they killing so much?
Why are the Shining Path insurgent or rebelling?
"Is this the first day of the protest? If not, how long was it going on?"
Who was protesting and why?
Why are the students protesting?
what is their name?
Who was the Mafia informant?
Who was the relative of the Mafia informant?
what kind of relative?
What evidence supports that it was a vendetta?
How did the testimony incriminate these people?
is it in italy?
was it figured out?
"Is Salvatore \""Totuccio\"" Contorno still alive?"
Why did he turn to helping the state?
How many brothers does he has?
Were the circumstances of his death similar?
is there a quota?
Why has George Bush made his cabinet predominantly of men?
Why are they not questioning this fact?
how long is it?
Who are the cabinet choices?
How is this a honeymoon period for George Bush?
Why were the choices for Donald T. Regan and Malcolm Baldrige as cabinet secretaries denounced by conservatives?
Who are the people chosen?
Why is there no outcry for Bush's cabinet choices?
What characteristics make these appointments unacceptable?
what are his credentials?
Why is Rep. Jack Kemp hailed as a conservative hero?
Which public school reforms?
Who is the man?
What exactly constitutes a tough budgetary time?
What sort of reforms specifically?
WHO IS THIS MAN?
How can President-elect Bush help?
WHAT TYPE OF EXPERIMENTS? THIS ALMOST SOUNDS LIKE A CREEPY LABORATORY SITUATION AND WHAT HAPPENED TO THE POOR PARENTS?!
what are the other reforms?
What experimentation is being furthered?
"WHAT ARE THESE \""CHOICE PLANS\"" AND \""OTHER VALUABLE REFORMS\""?"
Why is this person qualified to speak on behalf of others?
FUTURE PROGRESS HOW?
Why is the current prevailing system a trap?
Why is it a trap?
What actions do they think the president should take?
Where does the funding come from for these programs?
What kind of special programs are these?
Why do they not learn to write and read in a regular school setting?
What other skills?
are these for kids or adults?
Which major Chicago bank?
what was the case?
Which major Chicago bank?
why did it take so long?
Why was the battle so protracted?
would they all get equal share?
which Chicago group?
Which subset of bank workers?
what is an escrow account?
what is an escrow account?
Why would it be put in another bank?
What types of moves were adopted?
What is the musical satire?
What moves toward artistic freedom?
What is the name of the musical satire that Conductor Mstislav Rostropovich wants to premiere?
will it ever be published?
What kind or style of theatrical piece?
what is libretto?
How did he acquire the copy of the score and libretto?
which year?
Why was he hesitant to give details?
How many people attended the news conference?
What are the proposals?
How big is the deficit?
Who is this commission?
What commission is trying to find a way to eliminate the budget deficit?
What are these recommendations?
of which year?
What are Bush's proposed negotiations?
is that the regular size?
Why did he have this option?
Which panelists expressed pleasure?
will he take the option?
do they crash when it happens?
How often does it happen?
Which regional airline owned this plane?
How did they restart the engines?
how did they get it restarted?
Why did all engines fail?
Why couldn’t they restart all three engines?
what are oil seals?
what is a sewer hook up?
why did they refuse him?
What was the dispute ?
Why and How did the refuse to accept him?
Why did a state prison and a county jail refuse Wilburt Siegel as a prisoner?
Why did they refuse to accept him?
why didnt they have authority?
What is civil contempt of court?
Why did state officials lack authority to imprison someone for civil contempt of court?
where is Charleston County?
where do inmates with cancer go normally?
why was it inevitable?
What is the name of the new book about the Cuban missile crisis?
What is the new book?
what does he do now?
What did Anastas Mikoyan do that wat the catalyst for the reversal?
How was Mikoyan the catalyst?
who said this quote?
What is the quarantine line?
What news conference?
How many skiers and operators have been negatively impacted by the dry spell?
Why are these resorts considered fashionable?
What is causing this dry spell?
What were the losses?
what caused the dry spell?
How dry has the area been?
Why is the dry spell more damaging to farmers?
How does this do damage to the farmers?
why is it more damaging to them?
What sort of damage will the lack of rain lead to?
How has this industry mitigated this problem in the past?
What is causing this lack of moisture?
Which national association?
How will this impact consumers?
How will this hurt rice farming?
where is the po valley?
What did Judy Kaye win a Tony for?
What is wrong with the music composed by Edward Thomas?
why does it not have all the power it needs?
how can it get more power?
of which year?
What is a jagged vocal line?
Why were the companies helping Libya?
What evidence does the U.S. say Germany has discovered?
What is the evidence?
Which West German networks reported?
What sort of equipment was being supplied?
What kind of chemical weapons?
which year?
is that the city?
What is the evidence?
what is an antebellum?
Why do they call South Carolina home?
How did they become wealthy?
Why South Carolina home to a growing share of toxic waste?
What is introducing toxic waste in South Carolina?
Why do they have a landfill?
How do they renew their license?
How are they debating their role in the landfill issue?
"Who has referred to the state as the nation's \""septic tank\""?"
Why is South Carolina in particular being chosen as an area to dispose waste?
who took advantage?
Why were they taken advantage of?
Why did Rep. Harry Hallman resign?
How did Rep. Hallman get elected?
Why did the state agree to open these landfills in the first place?
Who is he?
How is he pushing legislation?
Why is he pushing legislation to control waste disposal?
How are the citizens going to be affected by the increased control?
Why is it hazardous?
Why are there only two commercial hazardous waste landfills in the Southeast?
Why is it considered a tomb?
What measures are in place to make sure the waste does not affect areas outside of the landfill?
Which comedian was being talked about here?
which comedian?
What is a club?
a club like a weapon?
"Where, exactly, did the rebellion start?"
would there have been repercussions?
What sorts of questions are being asked by those being occupied?
"Which night clubs, theaters and galleries?"
What were his administration's failures?
What failures did president reagan have during his presidency? 
Which failures were most notable?
What were Reagan's most notable failures?
which year was it?
Why did he decide to hold his tongue?
which city is that?
What specifically in his notes did he mention?
Which parts of American history?
Why did he feel it was important to pay more attention to American history?
Why did they claim this? 
Which special interest groups was he most specifically targeting?
How did those members prevent his administration from balancing the federal budget?
What made the situation dangerous?
Why did he think the situation was made dangerous because of how Congress was acting?
How was the dangerous situation perpetuated?
What are some examples of indecisiveness?
Who is the Texas professor who helped with this?
Why would someone with that background be a worthy candidate?
Why was the subpoena being resisted?
Who are the other candidates?
Who are the other candidates?
How does that refusal play into our due process laws?
Of the 2nd U.S. what?
second U.S. what?
The 2nd U.S. what?
what are his credentials?
I think this is a bad place to break up the sentences. U.S. what?
Why did he or she chose to speak on the condition of anonymity?
why did he choose to be anonymous?
Why should they be granted anonymity?
when is today?
What was Lt. Col. Oliver North on trial for?
How did the newspaper get unidentified sources?
what were their sources?
What incidents were described in the documents?
what are his credentials?
What were the two major charges against North?
What were the two major charges against North?
why does this matter?
Where is Jan from?
Why is Congress giving Bush a bowl on Inauguration Day?
Why hasn't he mastered English yet?
Why was he the one to cut the bowl for Congress?
why is it so rare?
How did Lewczenko become a master deep cutter?
Why does Lenox employ such a high percentage of the master deep cutters in the country?
Why are there so few master deep cutters in the country?
of which year?
why is this information added to the article?
what is a road test?
What is the name of the magazine?
Why couldn't they resist?
How did they perform this comparison?
WHAT MAGAZINE?
Why could the automobile magazine not resist the trademark battle between GM and an Italian gun maker?
"How was the \""road test\"" comparison carried out?"
Which auto magazine jumped into the fray?
is it a joke?
Does this story come from an insider?
WHAT ISSUE IS THE CURRENT ONE IN THIS ARTICLE?
Why is Car and Driver saying they never shot from the hip like this before?
are they correct?
"Which came first, the car or the gun?"
Did they win this amount?
WHAT IS THE TRADEMARK IN QUESTION?
How does the car infringe on the pistol's trademark?
Why hasn't the case been resolved?
Why is the case pending?
How is William Jeans qualified to be an editor?
Why did Bruce McCall contribute to The Car and Driver magazine article?
is that subjective?
What does this test determine?
Does this mean the most expensive?
Why did the school board not discuss anything with her when she came in?
0
How was she encouraged to continue?
Where are parents or guardians?
How are they giving her encouragement?
why did they name him that?
How many members are there?
Why was he dubbed Ellie the Elephant?
Who are these crew members?
What led to the President needing to be rescued?
what is a torpedoman?
Why was he in a life raft?
How did Bush end up on the life raft?
What kind of businessman?
What had led to Bush's plane being shot down?
wasnt his family rich and powerful?
Where were these watches set up?
Were there other movies available?
What are the other seagoing duties?
What types of duties did Bush perform?
how did they trick her?
Why was she needing money?
Which officials?
how long has she been a widow for?
what are the other two?
How could this be fraudulent?
Who in the city was convicted?
why is it quoted?
Why was Jean-Daniel personally convicted?
Who was she being interviewed by?
Who conducted the telephone interview?
Why would the exclusion only involve these groups of people?
What recovery is needed?
How were they killed?
Which two non-astronauts were killed?
What does passengers have to do with the new policy?
How did they come to this new group?
Does opportunities mean going up in space?
Who can apply for this?
What is the new category of space flight participants?
What was the training?
Did these passengers die in the explosion?
Who was the senator?
Who was the member of the House of Representatives?
Who was the Saudi Arabian prince?
Who were the five astronauts killed?
what year was this?
What is the race of the other boy?
what race is the other one?
What are the names of the two boys?
Why does race matter in this case?
What is his race?
Why do they say that?
why does this occur?
What factors are at play for this disparity?
What race is the non-white boy?
Why are these chances so high?
How were these numbers reached?
Why do non-white males have a higher chance of being a victim of a killer?
Did the study state an assumed cause?
is it really that common?
What part of the population did they study?
Who did she caution?
Does this possibly give the thought of the figures being dated?
Why will there be a skilled labor shortage?
What are their old age benefits?
What old-age benefits should be protected?
Why is a shortage in the offing?
of which year?
Why is there a skills shortage?
Why is there a shortage in skills?
Why should older workers be tapped?
Which age is specifically being targeted?
What is the margin of error in the analysis?
"What is causing the slow growth, other than lack of skills?"
"Which century is being referenced,  the 20th or the 21st?"
why is the age rising?
What would William Bennett do if he had a magic wand to wave over American schools?
Why is William Bennett no longer on speaking terms with the National Education Association?
Why aren't them on speaking turns?
Why wasn't William J. Bennett not on speaking terms with the National Education Association?
What do you mean by no drugs?
he really hates drugs?
What do you mean by that?
Why did he feel that Reagan's effort was inadequate?
What is a drug czar?
How were they able to achieve bi-partisan support for the bill?
What was the original measure's wage rate?
What things were ceded by which side to reach the compromise?
what is a replete?
How did the bill pass with so many critiques on both sides?
What were the strongest arguments for and against?
What analysis was conducted to verify this?
will they acquiesce?
Why was the White House urged to bend?
"Why did Bush resist it more, relative to the rest of the Republican party?"
what is minimum wage currently?
What is a program traders?
what are program traders?
Which program traders?
How are they blocked?
What are program traders?
What are Program Traders and why would they be blocked ithe US?
How much of the trading volume is automated?
what are the hurdles?
How much role growth?
How many hurdles?
What are the hurdles in London and Tokyo?
What hurdles?
why in japan?
Which government officials?
What are the effect of program trading?
What is the name of the official?
Who is the senior Japanese official?
Why aren't U.S. stock-index futures traded in Japan?
Who does it mean by 'your'?
What did it say about blacks?
How does Barbara Bush have more progressive language than her husband?
Professionals of what? Define better who this means.
of which year?
What  is meant by raising the salary stakes for new employees?
Why is this the case?
Why is it basically industrial companies fault they can't attract new employees?
Why does he feel this way?
why is it quoted?
Why did the Chinese take turn at American interference.
Why did China believe the policy of western countries?
why are they in trouble?
Why is NBI discontinuing its hardware business?
Why would NBI Inc. not need 50% of its work force to focus on software?
four years straight?
How is this company still functioning with this many consecutive losses?
is it in london?
Why does this company not still need a sales force for software?
how many in canada vs the UK?
Why do they think this will better their ROI with such a losing track record?
How has this man not stepped down as CEO?
in which year?
When was this story published? 
what is usually the case?
What is the case?
were they able to enter the business?
what does that mean?
"What is the \""circuit breaker\""?"
What is the circuit breaker or what kind of circuit breaker?
Why was the house subcommittee meeting?
Who is John Phelan?
how would they get around it?
"What is a \""collar\"" on program trading?"
"What is a \""collar\""?"
How does a collar work?
What is an one-hour price limit?
why does it remain in effect?
Which of America's smaller businesses?
are we concerned about them doing this?
What type of large investments were being made in the US at this time?
Why are people worried about these investments?
How rapidly is their stake growing?
Which busineses are affected?
Why is the US worried about Japanese investments?
The technology was in which sectors?
Why is it controversial?
Why is this controversial?
because they are investing in our country?
What sort of marketing help will the capital injection give?
How does it provide capital and marketing help?
What sort of medical devices are created by this company?
What are the details of the deal?
What kind of devices are these?
Why did they want to move into the Japanese market?
how many are there exactly?
What type of obstacles do US companies face?
What are these obstacles?
How difficult were these obstacles?
what is being acquired?
What are these acquisitions and what are they affecting the countries’ relations?
Which acquisitions?
Who is criticising?
What were the Japanese acquisitions?
What is the criticism over the Japanese acquisitions?
why are they skittish?
Why is the US skittish about Japanese investment?
Why is the U.S. public skittish?
Who are the officials from both nations?
Why do they disagree on US direct investment in Japan?
What types of investments?
What is the disagreement about U.S. direct investment in Japan?
What are the barriers?
why do they deny it?
What are the barriers?
What are the barriers to investment in Japan?
What are the concerns of commodity chemicals?
Why is there concern over these companies?
What concerns have been brought up about commodity chemicals?
How does the offer of buying Georgia Gulf Corp. shares increase the pressure about company chemical concerns?
where is that?
Why does the Georgia Gulf need to restructure?
What is the current value of the shares?
How did Georgia Gulf Corp. respond to this earlier offer?
Why has the follow-up proposal decreased in dollar amount?
why did they rebuff?
What alternatives?
What other alternatives is Georgia Gulf studying?
What were these other alternatives?
What influence do shareholders have on the study of alternatives to increasing the value of their shares?
Would this imply that Georgia Gulf Corp. has been attempting to handle the commodity chemical concerns on its own?
which parties?
What third parties have shown interest regarding business combinations?
How does it plan to make a decision?
Who are these third parties?
fractionally means a small percent?
WHAT IS A STOCK RALLY?
Why was there a stock rally?
Who are the investors?
do we know why?
WHAT TYPES OF BONDS? 
what is moderate training?
IS THIS A GOOD THING OR A BAD THING? 
WHAT ISSUES ARE HAPPENING?
What are advancing issues?
What caused these issues?
HOW IS DEBT CONSIDERED SUPPLY? WOULDN'T MORE DEBT DRIVE BOND PRICES UP?
Is that a lot?
When was this sentence written?
What does the debt ceiling need to be raised to?
When will they be postponed until?
Does the executive branch hire him?
What kind of auctions?
So the plan is to pay off the old bills with new bonds?
in which month?
Which specific financial markets are they trying to raise money in?
Was this before we had trillions in debt?
why cant they?
What are they? I should know by now.
what is partisan bickering?
Why are the sides bickering - what are the different sides bickering about?
What is the partisan bickering?
What are the signs of a slowing economy?
what signs?
are those all the banks?
why is it slowing?
why does he see that?
which third quarter?
How does a slowing economy cause a downward trend in prices?
who are these men?
why will credit be easy?
Which Bush administration officials?
Fed meaning who?
Who are the potential merger partners?
Who are the potential partners?
Why is the Bank of New England Corp. looking for partners without having been prompted to do so?
what are those?
What are full interstate banking bills?
What prompted the company's change of heart?
What does later yesterday mean?
what was the date?
What is interstate banking?
How will this affect the financial sector of Massachusetts?
Was interstate banking already allowed in other states before 1991?
Do the banks of other regions have similar rules?
How long has the Bank of New England been in operation?
Who is he referring to?
Who are these potential partners?
Which safety advocates were involved?
what are the differences between the two sets of requirements?
would that solve the problem?
why wouldn't the heavier duty vehicles just automatically get stronger body panels when in engineering?
What constitutes each of these vehicle types?
just regular seat belts?
why did they decide to do the rear seats?
Why require them on the front seats and not the rear?
What belts are required?
how long has he been secretary?
what else has been made mandatory under this effort?
What is a buy-back plan?
what is a tender offer?
What was the tender offer?
What type of business is Sea Containers?
What was the tender offer for Sea Containers?
Why does a company buy its own stock back?
is bermuda a country?
Why do companies try hostile takeovers of other companies?
Why the hostile takeover?
Is this one umbrella company that owns both companies?
of which year?
is cosby a bad guy?
How did the show turn around ratings?
How does the Huxtable family keep viewers?
Why is the show on Thursday night?
What is The Cosby Show's ratings?
because of the allegations?
"Why did the TV stations buy \""Cosby\""?"
How long did the show rerun for?
Why were they laughing?
What were the record prices for The Cosby Show reruns?
How did the reruns help the ratings?
Why were the TV stations independent?
What are some of the 187 network affiliates?
What are some of the independent TV stations?
By how much are the ratings being increased?
Why were the expectations higher than the actual ratings?
Why will the stations not buy new episodes?
How long were the contracts?
Why are the ratings below expectations?
How far below these expectations were the ratings falling?
who are the competitors?
How are they expressing emotions in their behavior?
How does Viacom Inc. distribute the show?
"Why do competitors want to buy the \""Cosby\"" show?"
What sort of time frame are these commitments requiring?
Is there a particular reason for the gains?
Why are the Japanese so persistent for U.S. bonds?
Why is there Japanese demand for U.S. bond issues?
Why was there demand on the part of the Japanese for US bonds?
Why is there a demand for U.S. bonds from the Japanese?
why are they bearish?
What are these indicators?
What are the key levels?
What are the sluggish U.S. economic indicators?
What was causing economic data to be lower than expected?
How are the yen and the mark in terms of relative currency value?
why does japan want dollars?
Why has the U.S. unit been locked in recent weeks?\n\n
What is the demand?
what are his credentials?
Is this a false sense of security or can the U.S. bond market be relied upon?
What does mark bonds mean?
What is the difference between dollar-dominated bonds and mark bonds?
Why has the US market been stronger than other countries' markets?
What makes it the driving force?
Why is there a slowdown in semiconductor demand?
Why is this surprising?
Why is this special? What is the charge for?
How long has the slowdown been happening?
Why was the third-quarter net loss a surprise?
What is a semiconductor?
of which year?
How much excess capacity is there?
Why are bills not being paid?
why did they decline it?
How will they restructure?
What are these techniques?
What are the more economical production techniques?
What are the details of these forecasts?
What is this capacity?
What do these reductions include?
is that low or high?
why would they bet that?
How come the Government Allows Them to Make bids so low?
Why was that unusual?
Why did both companies use this practice?
Why is it unusual for a top executive to apologize?
Why was the company making bids of just one yen for some local government projects?
Why were multiple companies bidding one yen on local government projects?
is that well known?
What actions?
How were the computer makers rebuked?
How was the statement about the companies actions broad?
Which municipal contracts did Fujitsu bid less than a penny?
Why did Fujitsu bid the equivalent of less than a U.S. penny on three separate municipal contracts?
why do they keep bidding so low?
"Which contract did Fujitsu offer 10,000 yen?"
Why was this contract more expensive to them?
"Why did the company disclose that it offered 10,000 yen for another contract?"
Why aren't they alone?
Why is Fujitsu not alone?
Why are they extending the moratorium?
how long was the moratorium?
Is this nationwide?
How does the fetal tissue help the diseases like diabetes?
how does it help diabetes?
where are the researchers from?
Which medical researchers?
How could an increase of use of fetal tissue increase abortions?
What is his reasoning behind supporting the ruling?
what does hhs stand for?
who is the acting director?
Which department officials?
what are they talking about?
"does this phrase mean something similar to \""since the beginning of time\""?"
for how many years was this possible?
same questions as those found in the California Achievement Test?
how much do they cost?
is that an official name?
Why would there be no difference between the real test and learning materials?
what are the few differences that do exist?
What does technical talks mean?
What was the Russian debt regarding or from?
What type of technical talks?
can they be repaid?
Who is the department spokesman?
What are Soviet Bonds?
Why does this clear the way for Soviet bonds to be sold in the U.S.?
What work would have to go in before this can go ahead?
is it really a coincidence?
Whats the difference from a Soviet Bank and a US Bank
Lent for what purposes?
Why would the bank be crippled without settling the debt?
could this debt be wiped off?
what country and why?
pick a country for what?
Why pick a country?
for what would i pick a country?
what are these funds?
Why are publicly traded portfolios investing in stocks of a single foreign country?
Why are the country funds closed-end?
Why might it be beneficial to invest in one country specifically?
why is this paragraph so confusing?
which countries?
Why are the country funds registered with regulators?
How does Charles E. Simon & Co. know no fewer than 24 country funds have been launched or registered?
Why has there been such an increase in these funds being launched?
from which countries are the funds? 
"Why is the turf ranging from Chile, Austria to Portugal?"
what is turf? 
Why is the Philippine Fund's launch capped by a visit by Philippine President Corazon Aquino?
Why has a head of state never kicked off an issue at the Big Board?
what where the philippine funds?
Who are the Japanese investors?
Why did Japenese investors buy up two mortgage securities-based mutual funds?
Which mutual funds were purchased?
Why were the investors so interested?
Who are the investors?
Which mutual fund was purchased in this case?
why do the japanese love american mortgages?
Why is the company struggling?
For how long will he be stepping in?
Why did he resign?
Why does the company need to be turned around?
how can they curb?
Why is overhead so high?
How will he reduce overhead and curb capital spending?
when will that happen?
How long will be stepping in for?
What exactly was the expansion containing?
What kind of expansion
How did the ambitious expansion fail?
big declines?
How has the company been able to realize growth even with a decline in operating profits?
Why are there reported declines when there is steady growth?
How much is a significant quantity?
Which types of waches will be duty-free?
Why are watches that aren’t produced in the US etc. is significant quantities now allowed to be imported duty-free?
What types of watches?
where did they file it?
How did Timex want the imports from developing nations changed?
What is the U.S. Generalized System of Preferences for imports?
Why did Times Inc petition to changes to regulations of imports from developing countries?
why were they denied?
Why were they denied duty-free treatment?
Why were watches previously not imported duty-free?
Which types of watches did Timex request duty-free treatment for?
what does this mean?
Why did Bush grant duty-free status to these 18 categories?
Which 18 categories did President Bush grant duty-free status for?
What are the other four fields?
Why is the amount of barrels a day being increased?
Why was the Whiting field launched?
Why are Esso Australia Ltd. working with Broken Hill Pty. working together on a venture?
which year was it?
How did production start?
by day or month?
How will output be gradually increased?
Why will output be gradually increased?
"Why will it stop at 11,000 barrels a day?"
By what means will production be increased?
how long will that last?
Why does the field reserve barrels?
How are reserves calculated?
What are the three computers that changed the face of computing?
What were the three computers?
which three?
What are the three computers being referred to?
what are these 3 computers?
what exactly is personal computing?
who made the tandy?
How were the computers crude?
but how did they compare to the standards back then?
did the computer not come with a screen then?
did the computer not come with storage?
How was Apple II a major advance from Apple I?
What made this computer a major advance from it's predecessor ?
what is this?
Why is their debt so high?
What country has the largest foreign debt?
Which creditor banks?
why would they do that for them?
Why is Argentina asking creditor banks to halve its foreign debt?
Why do banks have foreign debt?
Why has this not happened before?
Why did Economy Minister Nestor Rapanelli take an action never done before?
"Why is the request considered to of \""such stature\""?"
Is their a particular reason they are not paying this debt?
because they cant pay?
"How much has it paid, compared to how much it owes?"
Why does the Latin American nation not pay its debts?
Why does the Latin American nation have debt?
How does the Latin American nation get money to pay its debt?
How is Argentina generated value to pay on its debt?
Why is Mr. Rapanelli speaking through his spokesman?
Was this meeting in reference to the reduction in debt?
Why did Mr. Rapanelli and U.S. Assistant Treasury Secretary David Mulford meet?
why did they remove?
How was trade diplomacy used?
How were the countries dishonoring these rights?
What is the trade diplomacy?
What sort of sanctions could be levied?
how can they measure?
How have they made genuine progress?
How is this measured?
how are they realizing?
Was he elected or appointed?
What was his previous position?
he has two jobs?
Executive vice president for what organization?
Chief operating officer for what organization?
Why was John R Stevens qualified for executive positions?
Why was Mr. Stevens put in charge of two major positions?
What company was he named at?
How long has he been reporting to Donald Pardus?
President of what organization?
Chief executive officer of what organization?
How does he report to Mr. Pardus?
President of what?
What is the name of this company?
How well is the company performing financially?
How did the electric-utility perform in the stock market?
Was he elected or appointed?
What is the executive vice president's function in the company?
Why was Mr. Hatch named the executive vice president?
Why was he no longer president of this unit?
is that a subdivision?
Where does Eastern Edison Co. operate geographically?
Why did he leave Eastern Edison Co.?
is he creative?
Which company did Cray break away from?
Why does it appear Cray Computer Corp. relies heavily on creativity and longevity of its chairman?
How does a designer contribute creatively to the supercomputer business?
what is a balance sheet?
Why is Cray Computer Corp.'s balance sheet tied to Mr. Cray?
Why is Mr. Cray so heavily invested in the company's outcome?
How is the machine tied directly to Mr. Cray?
How does development of the new machine affect the balance sheet?
Why are documents being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission?
How will the firm survive if it loses $100 million in financing?
Why would Mr. Cray's project be scrapped?
Why is the prototype still so far from completion?
Why are the documents talking about Mr. Cray and his project timeline?
How is Mr. Cray going about working on his project?
Why is the Cray-3 machine not fully operational now?
are the prospects positive?
Why have there been no orders for the Cray-3?
Why are there no orders for the Cray-3?
How are they talking with prospects?
why did it overrun?
what is the second largest?
Which trade groups?
What were they fined for previously? 
will the appeal work?
Why would Commonwealth Edison apeeal the underlying commission order and Judge Curry's order?
I thought no appeals would be allowed?
Why were the risks too much for New England Electric System?
What risks were too high?
How far in the future is the payoff?
What are the risks?
Why do these companies not care about the risks that New England Electric System does?
Why did PS of New Hampshire have to file for bankruptcy?
is that a good outcome?
Who would remain an independent company?
how far away are those two cities?
How did they get this valuation?
is that an accurate judgment?
What are they planning to do for internal reorganization?
what is the new plan exactly?
What is the incentive plan?
Does this mean that Newsweek is as big as Time magazine?
how much are the rates?
How successful was the first incentive plan?
Why does the Washington Post Co. differentiate itself from Newsweek?
How rigid are these ad offers?
which year are they in?
Would this also increase page count?
How is a rate increase going to entice advertisers to stay with Newsweek?
what was his role before being made president?
is that a good price for that?
What companies are buying space in Newsweek?
Are less colorful ads cheaper?
why are they sluggish?
Why does the country have economic sluggishness?
what do they export?
What are it's main exports?
Why is there a trade deficit?
Why did imports increase sharply?
disputes over what?
Why are there prolonged labor disputes?
What are the trade conflicts?
What were the labor disputes about?
what are those?
Why do they expect further declines?
What kind of portfolio?
what is a compound yield?
What is a compound yield?
How does this compare to other fluctuations?
What kind of taxable funds?
How does this work?
is that short or long?
How much longer?
is that a brand?
Which researchers?
What type of asbestos was being used?
Why was asbestos used in cigarette filters?
how does that work?
Why is crocidolite so resilient?
Why is it more resilient than other types of fiber?
did they get sued?
Why did it stop using them in 1956?
How will they limit losses?
How will they attempt this?
What exactly is everything?
how are they appointed?
Who are the receivers?
Who are the state-appointed receivers?
When will it be final?
Who were these receivers?
What is the preference?
What are the terms of the settlement?
Who are the subcontractors?
What will this settlement include?
How quick will this transaction be?
Do they train workers in these shipyards?
what is wedtech?
How does the book convey this emotion?
What was that scandal
what is the example?
How does Mr. Sternberg give this example?
What is the relation between both authors
Which one of his principals?
How did the company make this shift?
Why does the Army trust them with this task?
What kind of vital equipment?
why are they doing that?
What necessitated the cost-cutting?
What type of company is Upjohn Co.?
why wouldnt they take?
What will the program include to increase these benefits?
how much is that in dollars?
What kind of rulings?
What industry is this?
What were the rulings?
What is the average price of one of the sweaters in question?
"How do cheap imported sweaters and dumping equal out? I mean, in a sarcastic maybe..."
why is it unfair?
How is this possible?
of which year?
Of what year?
what is this?
are these complex?
does this mean to restrict the number of sweaters coming into the country? Or we give them an order?
Who is Lentjes?
Why did Metallgesellshaft AG agree to buy Lentjes?
Why weren't terms disclosed?
What terms weren't disclosed?
Why were the terms not disclosed?
will they be disclosed soon?
What kinds of environmental supplies are produced?
Why does Metallgesellshaft want to expand its products of environmental supplies?
"With it's own what, what do they make exactly?"
How are boilers and pipes a good fit for Lurgi G.m.b.
what is the product ratio mix?
How does the unit utilize engineering?
did the ceo say it?
Why was Clarence Thomas nominated by the Bush administration for a seat on the federal appeals court?
Why did the American Bar association give Mr. Thomas only a qualified rating and not a well qualified rating?
What does a blow mean?
Why did Clarence Thomas only have a qualified rating?
Why are liberal members likely to question the ABA rating in hearings on the matter?
What does liberal mean?
Who is on the Senate Judiciary Committee?
Which liberal members are likely to question the ABA ratings?
Why was Mr. Thomas elected as chairman of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission?
Why is the court closely divided?
do they have evidence?
How do groups know that he is advocating policies that narrowed rights of older workers
How do groups know he is ignoring discrimination by large companies?
Why are large companies discriminating?
What is the proof for these accusations?
Which policies has Clarence Thomas advocated that narrowed older workers rights?
How was his judgement questionable?
How does opposing Mr. Thomas' nomination show respect for the law?
Which 14 members of the House oppose Mr. Thomas's nomination?
What do these products assist with?
What does this mean? 
what is it exactly?
What sorts of methods and materials are used?
When was this particular patent registered? 
when will it become public?
How are these trials conducted?
What kind of preclinical studies? 
How long will these treatments require?
In what way could it do this? 
how does it do that?
what is the nature of the substance? 
To what degree is it leveling off?
why is it leveling off?
How so and any statistics to show this?
How does the latest report know economic growth is starting to level off?
How much is it leveling off?
Is there a particular reason the orders and outlays were flat at that time?
Why is the manufacturing shrinking?
what are outlays?
Why are factory orders and construction outlays largely flat in September?
Why did manufacturing shrink further in October?
How much did it shrink?
Why are economists not predicting a recession? 
Where is the pressure coming from?
How much of a cut is needed?
Coming under pressure from whom?
How does cutting short-term interest rates help the slowing economy?
Is the bank considering another solution?
when will it be clear?
Who gets final say in that decision?
Why is it not clear if the central bank will make a move?
How will it be made clear if the central bank will make such a move?
Why was the gain unconsolidated?
How is Komatsu Ltd. integrated?
what does unconsolidated gain mean?
what is first-half pretax?
how did they do that?
Why is earnings up from a year before?
what caused the difference in profit?
are people buying more?
Why did sales rise 11% from last year?
Why did sales rise 11%?
why did it raise so much?
How did income increase 31%?
what does net income mean?
is that a lot?
Why did per-share net rise from 6.53 to 7.84 yen?
What does per-share net mean?
what is per-share net?
who are the contras?
"Who are \""the Contras\""?"
how long has the truce lasted?
Why did he end the truce?
How had the elections been threatened?
What were the accusations?
What is the presidents name?
Were these attacks confirmed?
What made him accuse Bush?
What kind of assistance?
How many rebels are there?
Which White House spokesman?
Why did the spokesman brush off talks?
is that a militia?
Does this number surpass the number of rebels?
What exactly is this offensive?
how did they go under?
What is a Chapter 11?
What is chapter 11?
Why does the reorganization plan provide so little per share for common stockholders?
Who are the unsecured creditors?
How does the plan justify paying unsecured creditors only 1/5 of what they’re owed?
when did they change the name?
Will Ranger Industries continue to manufacture toys?
Is reorganized another word for bailout?
what type of glitches?
What did the Adam home computer do?
What were the glitches?
why were they charged?
Is there a particular cause for this loss?
Where is the Valley Federal Savings & Loan Association?
is that very low?
Who authorized the write off?
Why did this subsidiary need a write off?
How was it draining?
Why is the mobile home financing subsidiary a big drain on earnings?
How was the capitalized servicing a big drain on earnings?
How could that be guaranteed?
How would the provision eliminate all future losses at the unit?
Why did they add this amount to those reserves?
What was the good will?
how were they averted?
What are the potential problems?
What were the potential problems with the construction of the cruise ships?
How have the problems with the construction of the cruise ships been averted?
Which two big cruise ships?
WHAT ARE THE PROBLEMS?
what year was this?
WHY ARE THEY GOING UNDERIF THEY HAVE A CARNIVAL CONTRACT?
What is the new company's name?
WHY DID ONE COMPNAYFILE FOR BANKRUPTCY WHILE THEY SET UP A WHOLE NEW COMPANYTO DO THE SAME THING?
do they have any decision making power?
DID THEY HOLD SHARES IN THE LAST COMPANY?
WHY THE HOLD UP? CAN'T THE ORIGINAL COMPANY FULFILL THE CONTRACT BEFORE CLOSING?
What kind of plant accident?
What type of plant accident occurred?
What happened?
What happened in the plant accident?
What unexpected costs?
How much below?
what part of ohio is that?
Why is the full-year profit lower in this year?
how far below are the expectations?
Is this all due to the accident?
Is this the companies yearly average?
Why were there so many unusual items?
how can you assure this is a one time loss?
What unusual items?
what does concern mean in this context?
Which operations were stopped?
what is the context of using the word concern here?
What will make it exceed last years?
How many operations were discontinued?
what are his credentials?
what do cluster bombs do?
How many plants do they own around the country?
What happened?
Why did DD Acquisition Corp it’s Dunking Donuts share offer?
what is that?
Why did DD Acquisitions make its offer conditional on these terms?
What is the poison pill rights plan?
will this work?
what does tendered mean?
in which year?
Which industry does Rockwell operate in?
Why are the operating earnings flat for the fourth quarter?
Is there a reason why they had flat earnings?
why would it be rough?
"Why would the first half of 1990 be a tough time, fiscally?"
"How did aerospace, automotive supply, electronics and printing-press indicate that the first half of fiscal 1990 could be rough?"
Is there a reason they are expecting this to be a rough season?
Why would there be weakness in these markets?
Why are heavy-truck and passenger-car markets weak?
What is causing this weakness in the market?
is that a big sector?
Why is the industrial sector stable?
How will Rockwell recover in the second half of the 1989 fiscal year?
What we're their earnings last year?
How did Rockwell net $126.1 million?
What do they anticipate the price per share at the end of next year?
Why did A.L. Williams Corp. merge into Primerica Corp.?
was it less than 70 percent?
Why will it pay using shares?
Who will it pay for the rest to?
What is the Primerica Corporation?
why so low?
Shouldn't this be 0.82 a share?
why would they be delisted?
Why will Williams shares be delisted from the New York Stock Exchange?
Why would it be delisted?
Why does Saul Steinberg want to seek control of United Airlines?
what does that involve?
Why does he need federal permission?
Why was he wanting to control the airline?
Who are the experts?
Why do they think he will not make a bid by himself?
Why did the bid fall through?
Why is a federal antitrust clearance necessary?
what does that mean exactly?
What is antitrust clearance?
How does this filing boost the value of their stock?
what is a takeover stock trader?
What other actions could be undertaken instead of a takeover?
what is the nickname?
what is the nickname?
What is considered a measure?
What was the nickname?
How fast or far does the market have to fall for these measures to take effect?
why is volatility heightened?
what were the moves?
What moves were taken?
What were the moves?
What led to the 1987 crash?
what is a side car?
What type of imbalances?
What do you mean by futures?
What makes John Dingell an important sponsor?
What does the proposal say?
Why is acid rain a concern for the White House?
How will Dingell’s proposal break with the White House’s position on acid rain?
What is the clean-air bill?
is he from michigan?
Which government sources?
Why do they feel it is weaker?
What is the Michigan Democrat's proposal?
Is more than the norm?
What does the administration's plan consist of?
Why was this a surprise?
What are net realized investment gains?
how did that happen?
Why did revenue decline?
For what reason did revenue decline?
How did revenue decline while net advanced?
How can a company's stock grow so high when it loses money?
Why would the earthquake have economic impacts?
How did Travelers estimate estimate this pre-tax charge? 
Who is being charged?
Why did the earnings fall?
Why did earnings from commercial property/casualty lines fall 59%?
Why are property and casualty industries grouped together?
why were there gyrations?
what caused the gyrations in the stock market?
What are the specific details related to the 'gyrations'?
what are his credentials?
how come there was no effect?
what is the conference board?
is this high or low? what is the normal range?
How is the index measured?
why does it fluctuate so much?
how does this compare to normal ranges?
Why bring up 1988?
what about now?
what does this mean? is this normal or no?
why is 100 in 1985 the base?
Why does it use a base of 100?
What is the Securities and Exchange Commision?
What issues?
what are common shares?
what does via mean here?
why so much?
What kind of restructuring program?
What was the original net income?
what type of charges are we talking about?
What does this mean?
Who is the Dutch chemical group?
what is the usd conversion? giving the conversion on the first number without giving the conversion on the second makes no sense.
what are one time losses?
what does guilders mean?
Whats is the DSM?
what operations are they speaking of?
What did the company's construction division sell for?
why did they gain in construction?
What charges?
What was the total of the charges?
what was the motivation to sell a construction business? 
Which extraordinary charges?
What was the dollar amount of these charges?
what did they restructure? was is restucturing the company after the sale? 
how did they spend 71 million dollars on these charges?
was it already absurd prior?
what are the limits?
Why should corporate defendants pay damages?
what does this mean?
Why are there failures of the traditional policy making process?
who does this harm?
Why are their credit ratings being lowered?
Why would the securities firms have their credit ratings lowered?
what is merchant banking?
Why are they allowed to participate in risky behavior?
How much were they downgraded?
how can they maintain it?
Why are they realizing it just now?
what are ious?
How much do they sell?
what is a pence?
Who are Reed International PLC ?
"Are these numbers in USD, pounds or Euro's?"
what continuing lines?
just during that year?
how much after tax?
what does #34 mean?
what is a pence?
There is no question assuming the first one has been answered.  If it hasn't them the first question again.
a new stadium?
Why does he want a new home?
Where would the possible new home for the Giants be?
WHERE ARE THEY GOING?
why do they need a new park?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THE EXISTING PARK THAT UPGRADES COULDN'T FIX?
WHAT WOULD BE THE PRICE TAG IF CANDLEWICK PARK WERE RENOVATED?
What is going on that the city can't afford this?
What is The Pretty Big One?
WHAT IS THE PRETTY BIG ONE?
what other states are doing it?
Where else is there a stadium craze?
WHERE ELSE IN THE COUNTRY IS THIS HAPPENING?
What were the following among the offerings and pricings?
How are market prices deliberated?
What does this mean?
what is this word?
"who, specifically earns on these spreads?"
is that a good rating?
How are these people still the rating authority after countless scandals?
what is the new plan?
Why has it increased?
What was the issue?
for what purposes do they need over 500 million? bottom line or actual productivity?
Why was William C. Walbrecher Jr. named president?
How is Fidelity Federal Bank the principal operating unit?
How did these spots become vacant prior to his appointment?
of which year?
How does the appointment make an impact?
what was wrong?
Why does James A. Taylor have health problems?
who is he?
Why did Edward L. Kane get chosen to succeed Mr. Taylor?
Why did Citadel have a third-quarter net loss?
Why did Citadel post a third-quarter loss?
Why did Citadel have higher income a year earlier?
Why is the company losing money?
How did they achieve this?
What was the previous electrical current-carrying capacity of the crystals?
what is crystal lattice?
"What constitutes a \""moderately strong magnetic field\""?"
What were these small changes that allowed them to do this?
What is yttrium?
What process did they use to achieve this cooling?
What is yttrium that is contained in the superconductors?
How does cooling the superconductors help them carry more electrical current?
why is it quoted?
What makes this a significant step in research?
"What other applications are the \""bulk\"" superconductors used in?"
what is program trading?
Why is program trading not to the benefit of the small investor?
Why does Edward Egnuss think that program trading is hurting him?
what is program trading?
Why does Edward Egnuss think trading is a racket?
Why is program trading not to the benefit of the small investor?
Why does he doubt it could be stopped?
why does he dislike it?
What percentage of small investors feel similarly to Mr. Egnuss?
How are small investors echoing their dislike of program trading?
how many people?
How many investors doubt program trading should be halted?
Why do few expect it to be halted entirely?
what are his credentials?
What is unfair about program trading?
How is program trading unfair to the individual investor?
What program trading?
How much smaller is the margin requirement for a program trader versus an individual investor?
what are program traders?
How does a smaller margin requirement help program traders?
Why can individual investors not have small margin requirements?
Which two agencies are being discussed?
How are the funding devices complicated?
Why would the funding devices result in cutbacks?
Why is the regulatory area already reduced?
Why is the funding device complicated?
Which two federal antitrust agencies have a new funding device?
What regulatory area is facing cutbacks?
Which Democrats?
what does antitrust mean?
How does the funding mechanism work?
How would the funding mechanism affect the antitrust operations of the Justice Department and the Federal Trade Commission?
What sorts of companies would fall under antitrust enforcement?
How did Congress cut $30 million for antitrust enforcement?
will that solve the issue?
"How did Congress arrive at $20,000 fees for required filings?"
Which other transactions?
what are his credentials?
Why were the Democrats unsuccessful?
Why did the Democrats think the fees would not make up for the budget cuts?
what are those?
"What exactly are \""'interest-rate swap transactions\""?"
What are interest rate swap transactions?
What did they lose? How did they lose it?
What are swap transactions?
will it make any difference?
What kind of appeal?
what are gilt futures?
What does an American Express card have to do with a Buick?
why is an american express card needed?
Why would I need an American Express to buy just a Buick?
WHAT DOES AMERICAN EXPRESS HAVE TO DO WITH BUICK?
What is the slogan?
whos slogan?
Slogan of what?
WHY DOES A CREDIT CARD COMPANY WANT TO HAVE A SLOGAN ABOUT A CAR?
How does Buick encourage broader use of the American Express card?
what does this word mean?
Why would this promotion work? People wouldn't buy a car just because of their credit card type or vice versa
WHY IS BUICK BELEAGUERED IN THE GM LINEUP?
What percentage would it have to be to be able to participate on the promotion?
WHERE ARE THE VACATIONS TO?
Why just 5 million card holders
WHY IS IT NOT SELLING?
How did the newspaper achieve this status?
How many years did Los Angeles Herald Examiner struggle?
what is the one newspaper?
WHAT CHANGED TO CAUSE THIS?
What is the one newspaper that is left in Los Angeles?
million of what?
WHY IS ONE PAPER FAVORED OVER THE OTHER IF ACCESS TO THEM IS THE SAME?
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT THESE PAPERS ON A NATIONAL OR LOCAL LEVEL?
Which daily newspapers?
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY LARGE COMPANIES?
Which periodicals are in these cities?
What are the large dailies in Pasadena and Long beach?
where is the farm belt?
Which drought? And how did it compare to others?
Why was the drought devastating?
How did Farm Belt's net cash income rise during a record drought?
Why were they able to turn such income in the face of adversity?
what year is the article written?
How does the Agriculture Department know the previous record was $57.7 billion?
Why is the Agriculture Department keeping finance records?
Why did the net cash income increase in 33 states in 1988?
Why did lower crop yields result in higher prices?
Why is the Economic Research Service reporting on farmer's crop yields?
how is it tracked?
What records? Statistics?
What states are they talking about?
Why did most of those states set farm income records?
How reliable are the farm income records?
Why was it the worst damage?
How was the crop damaged specifically?
What led to crop damage?
why did he resign?
Why is Robert Bernstein giving his resignation to Random House?
Why was Robert L. Bernstein elected to be president of Random House Inc.?
Why did Mr. Bernstein resign from the publishing house?
How well did he run the publishing house during the 23 years he was there?
Why has Bernstein submitted his resignation from Random House?
clashed about what?
Why would Bernstein clash with Newhouse Jr.?
Why was a successor not named?
How will a successor be chosen?
How did Mr. Bernstein clash with S.I. Newhouse Jr.?
Why are abrupt departures not unheard of?
How do the departures affect the Newhouse empire?
Why is it called the Newhouse empire?
Why did Mr. Berstein submit to an interview?
How did Mr. Bernstein come to that decision?
Why was it the right thing to do at that minute?
his gut told him to quit?
Why does Mr. Bernstein trust his gut?
Why Mr. Bernstein stay until Dec. 31 and work with is successor?
How well will Mr. Berstein perform during his last days?
In what capacity will Bernstein work with his successor? 
what happened that day?
"What happened on Wednesday, November 1, 1989?"
What are general levels?
What represents transactions?
How do actual transactions and reported annual interest rates differ?
What are U.S and foreign annual interest rates?
What is a prime rate?
During what year(s) was the prime rate 10.5%?
how do corporate loans differ?
How does the base rate differ from the prime rate?
What centers commercial banks?
what is a closing bid?
Offered for what?
where do federal funds come from?
Why was R. Gordon McGovern forced out of Campbell's Soup?
Why is the evidence against the Dorrance family strong?
Why is the Dorrance family intending to wield power to reshape the food industry?
How is the food industry troubled?
WHO IS THIS?
What will be the job/benefits of the successor?
Why will Campbell be run by a team?
How will the responsibilities be divided evenly?
Why are successor's being named?
WHY IS THERE NOT ANOTHER PRESIDENT READY TO GO?
are there a lot of candidates?
How is the board searching for strong outside candidates?
Why are they searching for executives with experience?
WHY IS THIS SPECIFICALLY IMPORTANT IN THE DECISION?
was it predicted that way?
What implications does McGovern's departure have?
Why is Wall Street reacting to Mr. McGovern's departure?
How does Wall Street know what the implications of Mr. McGovern departure will be?
WHAT DID THIS MAN DO?
is that a really big raise?
Why was the trading heavy?
WHY WAS THIS GUY SO BAD THAT GETTING RID OF HIM BOOSTED STOCK PRICES?
what does the legislation say?
Why did The House need to make it easier the Transportation Department to block airline leverage buy-outs?
How do leverage buy-outs affect the airlines?
How is the legislation designed to make it easier for the Transportation Department to block airline leverage buy-outs?
Why does the House want airline leveraged buy-outs blocked?
BUY OUTS OF WHAT?
Why was this legislation needed?
How did the Republicans try to weaken the bill?
Why were two amendments approved?
Why did organized labor want two amendments approved?
What were the two amendments sought by organized labor?
IS THIS THE LABOR UNIONS?
What sort of weakening efforts were tried?
How is the bill an intrusion into the affairs of industry?
Why do supporters want to override the veto?
How would supporters override the Bush administration's veto?
How does a veto get overridden?
CAN A VETO BE UNDONE? IT SEEMS LIKE A SILLY CHECK TO THE BALANCE TO HAVE CONGRESS BE ABLE TO SAY LA DI DA AND DO WHATEVER WITH A BILL ANYWAYS. 
Why is this an intrusion?
is there speculation where they stand?
How broad is the question in definitive terms?
Why is the Senate standing?
Why is it an issue?
Where does the Senate stand on blocking airline leveraged buy-outs?
WHERE DOES THE SENATE STAND ON THE ISSUE?
what is the full floor?
Why did the Senate Commerce Committee approve similar legislation?
How are the bills similar?
Why has the measure not yet come to the full floor?
Why hasn't the measure came to the full floor?
HOW ARE THE BILLS DIFFERENT?
What kind of plants?
What business is USX Corp. in?
Which types of violations were violated?
What did these plants specialize in?
What were the violations?
What was the previous record?
What were the alleged violations at the steel mill?
How many casualties were there due to the penalties that were proposed?
is that a lot?
What were the other requirements that OSCA cited for?
How did record-keeping play a role in these allegations?
is this a typo?
what kind of violations?
"Why did it take OSHA 1,500 violations before it pursued charges?"
what are her credentials?
What hazards to workers were present?
why are they helping poland?
Why do the House and Senate have hopes of stimulating trade and investment in Poland?
which major portions of a package?
what does the Agency for International Development do?
What kinds of environmental initiatives?
Why was no decision made if both sides are committed to adding more economic support?
what kinds of environmental initiatives?
are the threats hollow?
Why are the parties in agreement over Poland’s aid when they disagree on the underlying aid package?
which foreign aid bill?
is it complex?
How will the appropriations bill be more decisive on Eastern Europe specifically and why?
what are receivables?
What kind of securities?
To whom were the securities issued?
How do credit card receivables back the issued $350 million of securities?
what is a coupon rate?
What kind of coupon?
"What is a \""coupon rate\""?"
How do these number correlate? 
To whom were the coupons issued?
What constitutes a triple-A rating? 
Who is Standard & Poor's Corp?
Who is Moody's Investors Services?
How is a triple-A rating determined by Standard & Poor's Corp.?
Is Aaa the highest rating issued by Moody's Investors Service Inc.?
how many years is that?
How much interest?
"If ten years is the average life of the certificates, what is the life range of them?"
what are superconductors?
Which parts doing what? 
what comprises a 'superconductor research'?
How are they collaborating? 
How was this discovered?
what materials are used to conduct electricity?
How do they conduct electricity without resistance? 
what are consortiA?
What challenges?
why was japan the only country mentioned?
How do foreign consortia pose a challenge to the US? 
definition of this word?
What is its 'portfolio of investments'?
why will it complicate?
Who is the arbitrator?
Who was the arbitrator?
What kind of pay? Regular? OT? Vacation? Sick?
What bankruptcy-law reorganization?
why is it quoted?
"What is the \""pay parity\"" dispute?"
How many previous court efforts did Eastern make?
How many previous efforts have there been?
What were Eastern's previous court efforts?
why are they worried about it then?
What is the company's strategic plan?
What is the company's strategic plan?
how did they do that?
What is Kimberly-Clark's newsprint business?
what is a newsprint business?
How did Kimberly-Clark Corp. have a 20% gain in third-quarter net income?
What are the problems in the newsprint business?
What are these problems?
Was their a particular cause for this gain?
What consumer-products?
What were the contributors to this rise in net?
are the shareholders pleased?
why did sales rise?
What was the cause of the rise?
south koreA?
What consumer businesses does Kimberly-Clark own?
what are newsprint earnings?
Why are they lower?
What results?
What caused the increase
how can it do that?
Why would the purchase threaten safety?
can he cancel it?
Why does it face a veto threat by President Bush?
Why does President Bush want to veto the bill?
Why would the legislation be vetoed?
what is chapter 11 say?
what department are they talking about?
What counts as a major airline?
What is a liquidity crunch?
Why is a liquidity crunch taking place?
What are some of the ways to ease a liquidity crunch?
Why is Manville's initial funding going to be depleted?
What has led to the depletion of their funding?
will it catch back up?
Why did Manville have to pay out for asbestos-related diseases to their customers?
What is the bankruptcy-law reorganization?
are they going to acquire for sure?
Why is there a refusal to comment?
Who were the spokespersons or what were their job titles?
what is right of first refusal?
what was his name?
Who was the jetliner's maker?
Where did the 1987 crash occur?
are they likely to receive them?
What caused the crash?
What are the counterclaims between Northwest and McDonnell Douglas Corp.?
but its not happening now?
Why did they choose to plead guilty?
How much money were they attempting to evade taxes on?
What date did they plead guilty?
What topics of investigation are included in this inquiry?
Why was only one part concluded?
what is the second part?
What else are they under investigation about?
How many inquiries were there?
Why specifically did they feel they needed to evade federal income taxes?
Why are they being accused of conspiring?
How much in taxes are they accused of evading?
What was the total of the taxes that were evaded?
Why are the terms being kept secret?
is he the prosecutor?
What else is part of the investigation?
How many steps are in the investigation?
How was the information provided?
what are the exact terms?
Is it normal for a company to attempt to charge its own fine to its customers?
What kind of action could they take?
What ventures could Time Warner and Sony become partners of?
Why are these companies already enemies of one another?
WHAT MOVIES HAVE THESE TWO DONE?
how did they signal?
Why does Warner want to block Mr. Gruber and Mr. Peters from taking top posts at Columbia?
How can two public enemies in a court case decide to settle a case like this?
WHY IS THIS SUCH A PROBLEM FOR 2 PRODUCERS TO TAKE TOP SPOTS IN MOVIE COMPANY?\n
is that a lot?
Why are these two companies valued at this amount?
WHAT PRODUCTIONS HAVE THEY DONE? 
WHY ARE THEY SUING SONY AND THE PRODUCERS?
how many were invited?
How did Michael Blair become president of Enfield Corp.?
Why was there an election being held?
Why was the shareholding meeting special?
Why did the company board fail to elect him?
What type of business is Enfield Corp.?
How did Michael Blair fail to win election to the board?
How was Michael Blair unjustly dismissed?
How was Michael Blair affected by libel?
How does Hees International Bancorp Inc. control Canadian Express?
Why was he dismissed for libel?
Why does Mr. Blair feel his dismissal was unjust?
it means they elected 11 people?
How did they make their decision?
How were nominees chosen?
Why are there eleven members on the board?
How are Mr. Blair and Hees feuding?
How long before Mr. Blair and Hees resolve their issues?
Why has Mr. Blair and Hees been feuding for months?
Why do they have a meeting every year?
How did Mr. Blair disallow proxies?
Why did Mr. Blair favor two Hees nominees?
Why we're the nominees favored over the proxies?
Why did Mr. Blair disallow proxies?
Why are the takeovers uninvited?
how often do they happen?
Why is the company failing?
How are these takeovers going to be prevented?
How do you define poison pill in this context?
what is a poison pill?
What is qualifying as a poison pill in this instance?
What does the term poison pill mean here?
How is that percentage decided?
Why do poison pills allow shareholders to buy more stock?
How do you know if a bidder is hostile?
Why do these provisions exist?
How is it guaranteed that additional stock is available for purchase?
How do directors decide if they approve of the bidder?
Does this mean the rights are revoked?
Why are these bidders forced to negotiate?
why cant they talk to directors otherwise?
Who are the supporters of poison pills?
How are the directors in a better position?
how did they find that out?
What would it be other safe outlets?
Why are U.S. home mortgages a safe outlet for Japanese money?
Why do they invest in the U.S. specifically?
what does pooled mean here?
Why are they wanting these mortgages?
Who are the big Japanese investors?
How are they ending up in Japanese hands?
How does this affect the U.S. economy?
Since when did they start that?
How are Americans reacting to that?
what happened back then?
What caused this downturn? Will we experience it here in the United States?
"How \""burned\"" were\n them?"
What caused the downturn?
how many assets does he have?
What company is Mr. Hunt leading?
Why is he called the oil man?
Why let the U.S. Tax Court decide?
What was the surprise announcement?
Why was he claiming bankruptcy?
What settlement?
what about literally?
What led to the beginning of the case back in 1982?
How will this case contribute to him losing all of his assets?
For how long has Mr. Hunt been delinquent?
why is minpeco involved?
Why is Minpeco a creditor?
Why did EG&G acquire Laboratorium Prof.?
why did they acquire it?
WHAT TYPE OF BUSINESS IS EG&G?
What are these companies? How did it acquire Laboratorium Prof?
What kind of scientific instruments did Dr. Berthold make?
what instruments?
WHO DOES HE WORK FOR?
What types of scientific instruments?
Terms weren't disclosed about what?
why werent they?
TERMS FOR WHAT?
Why were the terms not disclosed
"What is \""Deutsche?\"""
DOES 1989 REFER TO THE YEAR OR SOME OTHER VALUE?
What types of instruments and parts
Does Berthold only have operations in Europe?
IS THIS ALSO THE NAME OF A COMPANY AS WELL AS THE SCIENTIST?
How much additional?
Why does Healthcare need to pay Healthvest $5 million?
How much are the additional amounts?
Why the agreement?
What does advanced for mean?
what about after those days?
What rights and remedies does HealthVest have?
What are the rights and remedies that HealthVest can use against Healthcare?
What types of rights are being foregone?
What is arrears?
is that a fair deal?
Does note mean pay back?
what is that?
What kind of company is Unifirst Corp.?
What led to this split?
Where is the UNIFIRST Corporation?
why so low?
Why were the five incumbent directors replaced last week?
Why did they replace the directors?
Who are the officers?
does he have a degree?
Why was Milton B. Hollander chosen to be the new chief executive officer?
Why did High Technology Holding Co. acquire 49.4% of Newport?
there were others ousted?
Why was Mr. Hollander named chairman last week?
Why was Mr. Weeks ousted from his director position?
Why were the directors ousted?
Who were the other ousted directors?
are they obligated to?
Why is the company declining requests to comment?
Why does Mr. Hollander want to have his own team?
a cup of what?
Cup of what?
What was a quarter cup or half cup?
how did he lose it?
Where was it lost?
Where is the Chez Panisse restaurant?
Who is the pastry chef?
is that a food magazine?
Is that the top 30 of any restaurant or a specific kind of restaurant?
What is the estimated value of this notebook
How was it stolen?
is this a joke?
Why would this crime be committed?
What was the crime driven by?
when was the first fight?
Is this a big conflict or small problem? 
Why id the plan the most likely alternative to raise short-term cash?
can they do that?
what is that law?
What is the Gramm-Rudman budget law?
How will Mips general-purpose computer compete with more expensive machines?
How will it compete with more expensive machines? 
How is this a new general-purpose computer that hasn't already been established? 
How is the computer tailored towards general purpose?
what is a mips?
What are the terms of this agreement? 
Why would they supply computers to this company and not just sell them outright?
How is Sunnyvale going to build Mips machines for Control Data Corp.?
why is it called that?
Why does it cost so much? 
Why is it named this?
How much does a deluxe version cost? 
"Why do the basic systems cost $150,000?"
"Why just use one, if more processors would be faster? "
Is this competetive?
What are the rival machines?
How does the machine process 55 million instructions per second with only one central processing chip?
what is that exactly?
How does reduced instruction-set computing work?
why arent they telling?
Why did economists feel the report did not offer new information?
Why is the U.S. economy slowing?
Which gauge was being used to measure the country's economic health?
What are the leading indicators?
Why has there been a slowdown?
how would they tell recession?
Why doesn't it provide much new information on the economy?
which year?
Which month did it remain unchanged?
they create carpeting?
What does that mean?
Why did Armstrong World Industries Inc. agree to sell its carpet operations?
What kind of analyst?
Why was the price not disclosed?
How did the analyst come to the estimate of $150 million?
Who is the analyst?
is it good to focus on the basics?
What other kinds of products this company has?
Why is Armstrong facing a takeover threat?
How would the move allow the company to concentrate on the core businesses?
Why does the Belzberg family want to takeover Armstrong?
What is this company?
Why does Belzbergs own 9.85% of the company?
what would he acquire?
How much debt?
Why does Armstrong want to reduce debt?
Why does Armstrong want to buy back stock?
Why does Armstrong want finance an acquisition?
what is the minimum wage
How much is the wage-floor boost?
Why did they have to compromise on this bill?
what is an impasse?
how long did it take?
How long was the impasse?
of which year?
Why did he set those limits and what were they?
What was the compromise?
How was the compromise a softened version?
What was the agreement?
is that a big increase?
Why was the raise set to this amount?
What transaction will strengthen Giovanni Agnelli & Co.'s indirect control of Fiat?
What are the details of this transaction?
What transaction?
Why do they desire this?
why did they do that?
Why this particular person?
"What is this institute? What is the English translation, and who else is in this group?"
What makes it limited?
what is a limited partnership?
Is this a lot? Does anyone else own a bigger share than this?
Why did she agree?
Why does she want to gain this control percentage?
is he famous?
"How much did he trade, exactly?"
Why did he agree?
Why did he want this capital gain?
why did they want to do that?
What is the current volume?
It's going to sound stupid but is Singapore a Country or City? I can never remember. 
where else are they?
Why do they need to work quickly?
Why is it a rapid expansion? where else have they contracted in overseas?
Where else are they expanding besides Singapore?
Is this an exuberant amount?
Is Coke popular in these countries?
Where do these plants distribute to?
where is the pacific basin?
Why is Coke so eager?
I wonder if this will cause a spike in dentists in the area?
What are Pacific Basin countries?
Why is there interest in the Pacific division?
How many years does Coke plan to pursue this?
why years? are they planning on still expanding elsewhere?
Which U.S. allies?
who are the allies?
Which U.S. allies are complaining about President Bush?
What kinds of errors?
is it going too slowly?
"what is the total estimated cost of the 100,000 weapons?"
What are the concerns about the Vienna talks?
Where are they registered from?
which year will that be?
Which American defense officials?
what sort of long-term implications?
What are the options being considered?
What are the options or what kinds of options?
how short range are they?
why have they asked to not be identified?
How was the Treasury trying to drive down the value of the dollar?
How did Mulford defend the efforts of the Treasury? 
Why was there such a precipitous drop in the index?
in which year?
Why did the stock market lose 190 points in October? 
How did the Treasury intervene? 
What was going on that led to the required intervention?
How does reducing the value of a currency help the stock market?
Why is highly visible intervention taken seriously by markets? 
Why were interventions less successful in the past?
Why is intervention taken seriously by financial markets?  
What are the differences between the Treasury and the Federal Reserve on intervention?
Why are there differences between these two federal entities?
was it also brought up in the past?
What was the difference in policy?
What sort of fundamentals are being discussed here?
Who would benefit from pushing the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market?
Why did yields on savings-type certificates of deposit drop slightly?
"DID THE AUTHOR MEAN, IN THE WEEK THAT ENDED YESTERDAY?"
how are those different from normal cds?
WHY IS THERE A CHANGE?
WHY IS THE FALL HAPPENING?
are they reliable?
Why haven't the major banks reacted to sharp rises in Treasure bill rates?
"IF THE TREASURY BILL RATES ARE A FACTOR TO THE MAJOR BANKS AND THE CD MARKET, WHY WASN'T THERE A CHANGE WHEN THE TREASURY BILL RATES CHANGED?"
WHY WOULD YOU NEED TO ADJUST A PAYOUT?
what are his credentials?
Why is SFE Technologies troubled?
Why was the company in trouble?
Where is SFE Technologies?
did he go to school for it?
How has he helped other companies in crisis?
What did Mr. Kuehn do in crisis management exactly?
What does this background entail?
what are her credentials?
What strategies did Rubendall try that were unsuccessful?
What other interests will he pursue?
What is Mr. Rubendall's background or experience?
Why couldn't Rubendall be reached?
Why couldn't Mr. Rubendall be reached?
"Are there any notable members? If so, who?"
Who are the people in the current management team?
what happened on this day?
What is this date for?
who do they guide?
Why are the interest rates key?
How is the rate calculated?
Why does the guide not reliably represent the actual transactions?
is that a high prime rate?
Why is the prime rate 10 1/2%?
What is this prime rate for?
How is the base rate determined?
Why are corporations making loans at large commercial banks?
How do commercial banks differ from other types of banks?
What is the base rate?
How are the federal funds controlled?
Why are there bids on federal funds?
How are the offers collected?
What are these for?
WHAT ARE SOME OF THESE GLOBAL IMPLICATIONS?
What is the source of conflict between these two banks?
What are these global implications?
Why are the implications global?
Why does the conflict have global implications?
Why is there a bitter conflict?
when was it cozy?
WHAT HAPPENED TO CHANGE THIS?\n
Why has there been a change in Japan's financial circles?
How is the clash a sign?
why is it public?
"WHAT DOES THIS MEAN? WHAT IS THE CLOUT THEY SWINGING AROUND, FINANCIAL SWAY?"
Are they squaring off in a literal sense or is this terminology metaphorical in nature?
Why would they find it necessary to behave in such a way publicly?
How have they squared off in an unprecedented public fashion?
How are they putting their enormous clout to work?
WHAT CONSEQUENCES?
What have the consequences of their actions been?
How are the consequences being felt?
How are governments feeling the consequences?
they interact with new zealand?
WAS NEW ZEALAND ISSUED A BOND? OR WAS THEIR AN ISSUE WITH BONDS FROM NEW ZEALAND?
Why would the timing of a bond being issued present such a problem between these two banks?
Why does the timing of the bond issue matter?
Which crops are key?
What are some examples of the key crops?
how do they do that exactly?
What are the key crops?
what are examples of such key crops?
what does this stand for?
hybrid of what plants?
Which gene?
How does the gene prevent pollen production?
why prevent the production of pollen?
what is the gene name?
How is the prevention of pollen going to create hybrid plants?
what is the gene called?
why would you want a plant to not produce any pollen?
Is this effective for every plant or just some?
why would you not want a plant to be able to fertilize itself?
What is the name of the fertilizing strain?
what is a hybrid seed/how does it differ from a normal seed?
What makes them male-sterile?
what is the benefit of producing hybrid seed?
Is the production high in pollen or in seeds?
What is hybrid vigor?
what are the high-production traits found in hybrid corn?
what is a claptrap?
How is the consensus a claptrap?
What international institutions?
why is unesco corrupt?
How did he liberate the U.S. from UNESCO?
What type of organization is UNESCO?
How is UNESCO corrupt?
definition of this word?
"Why was the U.N. group traducing its own charter of education, science and culture promotion?"
What was in the charter?
Why are the remaining members desperate?
Why did the United States leave in the first place?
Who are the remaining members?
Why was the group so badly thought-of?
unesco has apologists?
Why did President Reagan decide to depart?
How is this lobbying taking place?
Who is the nation's largest pension fund?
What are the two new investment options?
Why do college employees have pension funds?
Why are new investment plans being offered?
What are the two new investment options?
why is it quoted?
Why will the fund invest in socially responsible companies?
What companies are considered socially responsible?
26
"How much of an impact do the \""individuals\"" actually have on the market?"
What can be done to stop this?
What are the letters?
Not sure what spin off means? Is it like sell off?
What sort of textile operations?
How were those numbers figured?
how can it be effective so quickly?
do they think its creative?
why such a huge raise?
who are the new investors?
Why was BSB delayed?
What is this money going to be used on?
How much of a return is expected on this venture?
Why was the debut delayed?
Are the bank loans the only source of the investment money being sought by British Satellite Broadcasting Ltd.?
What sort of new equity outside of bank loans?
How is this equity going to be acquired?
Would current shareholders already have lost money because of the corporation's delays?
Is the bank loan going to be split between multiple banks?
Why is its subsidiary faring worse?
Why was it opposed by the Securities Industry Association?
What are the implications for banks going into underwriting of corporate securities?
what are publicly registered securities?
What was the volume before the increase by the Fed's?
which banks?
Which other banks have applications pending?
In which industries will banks have similar applications?
what other banks?
whose domain is it now?
Which types of corporate securities?
What should they be reporting about?
What does American Enterprise Institute do?
what did they vote for instead?
What are some of the other major stories they missed?
Who or what are Wright and Tower?
Why did Wright and Tower overlook major stories?
Why did West Virginia get a federally funded university?
they wont want to cover it?
Why is this the case? Why are the networks selectively ignoring these corruptions?
Why does the piece focus on congressman's duties?
Why is it less likely to catch the fancy of a network?
is that a real word?
How is Michael Josephson qualified to be an ethicist?
who is determining this?
"Why does personal, sensitive and intimate facts define operative newsworthiness?"
What does MiniScribe Corp. Specialize in?
Widespread Fraud in what form?
July second of which year?
What was the nature of the fraud?
What is this company's net worth?
How many shareholder lawsuits have been issued?
why is it quoted?
Moving aggressively in what way to negotiate settlements?
How many lawsuits?
How many years has MiniScibe been operating?
what are the other types of stock?
Is there an ongoing investigation over the alleged widespread accounting?
what is restating a fiscal year?
Why did the Department of Consumer Affairs fail to lower prices as promised?
What authority does the Department of Consumer Affairs have over Newmarket & Lewis Inc.
How does the Department of Consumer Affairs know that the advertising was deceptive?
What standing does the agency have to file suit against Newmark and Lewis Inc.?
Why did the prices increase and or stay the same?
Did the agency’s monitoring account for possible increases in the retailer’s costs?
What kind of items?
Why did Newmark & Lewis plant to eliminate the standard discount retailing practice?
How will this change is pricing practices effect the actual price paid by customers?
How did the agency dispute this strategy?
Why did they make a bid like this? Why was it controversial?
Why does Fujitsu want to withdraw its bid?
What is a waterworks computer system?
Why does Fujitsu Ltd. want to withdraw its controversial one-yen bid?
Why was it controversial
why does it violate?
Why is Japan's Fair Trade Commission not moving forward with the investigation?
How did the bid violate anti-monopoly laws?
Is it normal to hold an auction for something like this?
Why does the project pay 11 million yen?
is that ethical?
Why would they do the job for free? Was this meant to be charity? What was the purpose?
Why would Fujitsu do the job for free?
Why did Fujitsu Ltd. offer to do the project for free?
Why would they do the job for free?
because its unethical?
How did the computer computers and industry observers share their criticism?
Why was there criticism?
when did they say this?
Why was Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. sold?
Why did Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. sell itself to a group of people its parent company?
How good were the financials?
why so much?
Why was the transaction valued at that amount?
How was the transaction carried out?
what are proxy materials?
Why is Avery continuing to operate a company losing money?
Why is Avery selling the coal company?
How is Avery going to aquire more companies to control?
Why would the coal company sell at a loss?
Which coal company?
Why does Avery have fees due?
How much did Avery have before fees and repayment of debt?
Why does Avery own securities?
Why did Avery have legal fees?
How did Avery get the money to pay fees?
Why did Avery wait until 1986 to make the purchase?
Why would buying Uniroyal Chemical burden Avery with debt?
Which government-owned entities?
Which government-owned entities are going to receive this jurisdiction?
Which government-owned entities were they given jurisdiction over?
why wasnt it unanimous?
Why do FASB rules supercede GASB only in the mentioned government-owned institutions? 
Who is the Financial Accounting Foundation?
what does gasb stand for?
Which other governmental units are in play with GASB rules?
What are examples of over government units?
Why was it necessary to found the GASB after the FASB was already in existence?
In what circumstances would GASB supercede FASB?
Why was the GASB founded if the FASB was already in place?
how do public bonds differ from regular?
Why don't they have to follow the FASB rules on depreciation?
Why is it difficult under this ruling to compare provate and state-owned schools?
what is the plan?
How much will it increase?
How will the plan be put into place?
What is the new proposed minimum wage?
Why is this the first increase in over nine years?
why such a big jump that year?
Why was the proposal a compromise?
How did they reach an agreement?
why is it quoted?
How much lower will the training wage be?
How long does a training wage stay in effect?
How does this training wage differ from the new minimum wage?
What sort of volatility measure is to be used?
What is The Big Board?
Who was the exchange under attack by?
Which entities are calling out the NYSE?
How has the exchange been under attack recently?
Why did Ogden Products net income jump?
What is this company's relevance to the topic?
How did the net income of Ogden Projects Inc. increase?
of which year?
Why was Ogden Corp.'s net four cents a share?
Why did revenue soar?
When did this revenue soar take place? Under what circumstances?
How did revenue soar?
why did it soar so much?
Is there a clear cause for this shift?
Why were the shares down 75 cents?
How long have the shares been trading?
is that high or low?
is he a president?
Will they be discussing the same matters on both days?
Why are the two leaders holding talks?
Why are they holding their meeting on naval vessels?
What are the issues being discussed?
right at the same time?
"How did they transplant the toad's genes into bacteria, and what bacteria was used?"
what was their idea?
What idea(s) did they have?
"What initiated seeing those dollar signs, and how did they see them?"
What caused the erosion in prices? 
What caused the recent erosion?
Why is there an erosion in prices for steel products?
Why wouldn't it stick? 
Who are some other major steelmakers?
is it likely to stick?
Who are LTVs' biggest competition?
Who are they? 
who expects it?
How will this effect the company?
Who is expecting them to raise their prices?
What are the reasons they are discounted? 
Whats is the specific base price?
Why are the prices falling? 
What causes a free fall in prices?
What kind of criminal wrongdoing?
a clean up?
What was the criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan?
What is an attempted whitewash?
What evidence of criminal wrongdoing did federal and state thrift examiners see?
"In what ways did deputies of chief federal regulator Danny Wall attempt to \""whitewash\"" the evidence of criminal wrongdoing reportedly observed by federal and state thrift examiners?"
who thinks its riveting?
Who was Mr. Wall's deputy who had the complacent attitude?
What showed that he was complacent?
What is mysterious about the Panamanian subsidiary described by the examiners?
How was complacency observed in Mr. Wall's deputies?
"Why would Sen. Alan Cranston solicit $400,000?"
What kind of documents?
11
WHAT KIND OF COMPANY ARE THEY?
What type of improving performances?
what about posttax numbers?
WHAT WAS THE CONVERSION ON THIS NUMBER TO USD ?
WHY IS THE DIFFERENCE SO SMALL ON THE LONDON STOCK EXCHANGE? 
what is minority interest?
What is minority interest?
What are extraordinary items?
WHAT IS THIS?
is the pence british?
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
Why was the smoking ban made permanent?
Why was money for space station construction included in a smoking bill?
What is the purpose of a fiscal bill?
but not all?
which ones weren't affected?
How can the bill overcome those obstacles?
What budget obstacles does the transportation bill have to overcome?
What obstacles need to be overcome?
Why were the tobacco interests resisting?
What happened yesterday?
exactly what happened yesterday?
What action happened?
What will the fallout be?
Why is the industry facing inevitable defeat?
Is the dominant industry the smoking industry?
"What do the non-covered flights have in common, aside from not being involved in the ban?"
Why are there exceptions?
Why are Hawaii and Alaska excluded?
why are those routes the exceptions?
What makes intercontinental flights different?
Why were there exceptions to the ban on smoking?
what made them stop way back then?
Why the advertising in such a hostile climate?
Then why are we worried? Is it a crime for an industry to put out a patriotic commercial for a patriotic anniversary?
who are the advocates?
is this statement written with the emotive of the advocates or the author? I wonder if this is an opinion piece and biased and where is the bias?
Which anti-smoking advocates?
Why does Philip Morris think this will help its image?
what will it evolve to?
"Since this company no longer does just tobacco products, are these commercials to be geared more towards the food side of their business?"
Is it horrible for a company to branch into other industries to help ensure its survival
Why did PM acquire Kraft Foods?
why is it so low?
How can such a large company have such poor name recognition?
why did they make a capital restructuring program?
What program and when was it announced?
What was the reason a restructuring program was needed?
Why did they lose so much?
What drove the loss? 
so are they overall profiting then?
is this the same quarter from last year?
why did they have to restate?
 why didn't the initial number comply?
Why didn't they already comply?
What government regulations is Coast complying with?
"In this context, what does restated mean? Why did it need to be done?"
what is that exactly?
what is tangible capital ratio?
What is tangible capital ratio?
"What is a \""tangible capital ratio?\"""
who took over?
Who is taking over what?
How much did stock prices change?
Why was the deal shiny?
Which companies are involved in the takeover deal?
higher than what?
How much higher?
How are bond prices related to stock prices?
What kind of business does this company do?
how much did it increase?
How much did it change?
The dollar drew strength in relation to what currencies?
What do you expect the report to say?
Why was there trepidation about this key economic report?
What is the key economic report?
Why is health insurance so costly?
What is private industry?
Why are health insurance costs soaring?
What does this have to do with health insurance costs?
what year are we talking about now?
What was the number of the third quarter?
Why are the costs increasing?
What is the credibility of the conference Board?
What is the cause of this up turn? is the market increasing and this is a natural side effect or has something happened to unnatural inflate the prices?
0
delayed by how much?
What would it be a severe one?
then why is the author writing an article about it?
why is it unlikely?
What labor proposals have to do with health care?
Why would big business be interested in a health-care system overhaul?
Does this mean that corporate leaders want lower healthcare costs for their employees?
who did he warn?
Does this refer to how our government handles medical costs or how corporations pay people through medical coverage?
Why are rising medical costs left unchecked?
How or where did he warn?
does it just mean money?
What is surprising about the consensus?
what does it stand for?
Why do so many Americans lack health insurance?
Why were the operations being discontinued?
For how much?
will it gain money?
Why are they selling?
what is a restated loss?
Why was the company so debt-ridden compared to the year prior?
Why did they lose money prior?
Profit from what?
is that a big jump?
When did revenue gain?
what are capital outlays?
Why are customers frustrated?
How does the budget improve supplies to frustrated consumers?
was it accepted?
What was the vote to approve?
How was the vote carried out?
so they really didnt want it?
Why was the proposal rejected?
Why was the proposal to raise prices of beer rejected?
What kind of luxuries?
What was the most difficult work?
"If the the proposal from last sentance was rejected, what is the good start? What was accepted?"
Why was the start good?
Why is the work going to be difficult?
How did the news agency arrive at these conclusions?
who was awaiting it?
What kind of business is Sea Containers Ltd.?
What assets?
What kind of company is this?
what is a controlling stake?
are they not actually rich?
What does asset rich mean?
What are the other investments Sea Containers wants to sell?
Which two ports does it plan to sell?
Who is the tender?
why were they charged?
WHo is this?
which individual?
How was Steve Edelson's resignation forced?
Why do they think the resignation was forced?
Who was the individual?
took out to dinner?
How does this separate inquiry impact his relationship with the company?
Before or after he was fired?
Who is the other Chemical options trader?
"Again, which one?"
Why do they always buck up the newcomers?
What is the tale of the first Japanese to visit Mexico?
Why were the samurai so far from home?
Why did man have to have extraordinary qualities to succeed in mexico?
Which extraordinary qualities did the man who succeeded in Mexico have?
why is it hard to succeed there?
What is it about Mexico that makes it so hard for an average Joe to succeed?
Why is turnover so terrible at the assembly plant?
Why is the infrastructure shoddy?
Why is the turnover dizzying at the Japanese assembly plants?
Why is there such high turnover?
Why are the conditions so poor in that plant?
Why are these prohibited?
Why are karaoke bars banned by Mexico?
Why does the union prohibit karaoke?
why is it quoted?
What does the union have against karaoke?
Why have these companies decided to stay?
is that near the border?
Why would they set up shop there if presumably conditions are better elsewhere?
What is the name of the separate company?
What level of clearance were they given?
of which year?
How many shares will be distributed?
what does over the counter mean?
"What does \""trade over the counter\"" mean?"
how much is one share?
Why is this company being sought?
Is this the typical?
Why does Georgia-Pacific seeking to buy Great Northern Nekoosa?
How many other companies are seeking to buy Great Northern Nekoosa?
Why is Great Northern Nekoosa being sought by Georgia-Pacific?
what is a tender offer?
Why is it considered a tender offer?
Is this needed?
Why was the offer given if it was unsolicited?
can they prevail?
Was their any indication of that?
How would the Georgia-Pacific fail?
What are paper concerns?
What is the outcry?
Why did security firms bow to the outcry over program trading?
How was the trading program controversial?
Who are the securities firms?
Why did they make that decision?
How was GE performing stock-index arbitrage for its own account?
Why did Merrill Lynch halt the stock trading entirely?
Which three cities did the East Dermans rally in?
What democratic freedoms did the East Germans want?
which cities?
What democratic freedoms did East German citizens demand in the three cities?
What democratic freedoms do they demand?
Why was the New Forum group illegal?
What internal freedoms did East German citizens demand from their newly elected leader?
Why did East German citizens want the New Forum opposition group to be established?
What internal freedoms do they demand?
How would East Germans destabilize the nation?
Why did he think that the demands were unrealistic?
What did Egon Krenz believe were unrealistic demands?
Why would East Germany be destabilised with the unrealistic demands of its citizens?
Why where their demands unrealistic?
which month?
Why did East Germans move from East Germany to West Germany?
is that a city?
What is KGB's Lubyanka?
How many people were persecuted under Stalin?
How many demonstrators participated in the candlelit vigil in Moscow?
What was the candlelight vigil for?
How did it finish today?
how strong is it?
Why was there a recovery in share prices?
Which dollar? Which country?
Why was there a modest recovery in share prices?
How can they call it bargain-hunting?
What is considered bargain hunting?
How did a spate of bargain hunting work?
Why do we have nothing else to sink our teeth into?
who asked him the question?
Why isn't there anything to sink our teeth into?
What does this business do?
Why is there no market-moving news?
"What are \""marks\""?"
Why is their an absence of market-moving news?
Why do others reject this view?
do they have a good point?
Why do others reject the view?
How does that work?
Is that very threatening or actually threatening?
How does it stem from the ad and why?
Why does Bette Midler refuse advertising work?
why does she refuse it so much?
Since when?
Does she refuse all advertising work?
does it mean to sing?
Who was the former backup singer for Ms. Midler? 
who said this exactly?
What is the cause of this loss?
Are the numbers the loss was compared to average?
why are they reporting a loss?
Why did Mercury Savings & Loan Association have a third-quarter loss?
why was there a loss?
Why were the payments expediated?
How much of a dip?
should they have been slower?
What caused interest rates to dip?
Is this banker reputable?
Is this the only option?
which month?
what is a thrift?
Will this be more profitable for them?\n
by how much?
Why is it shrinking itself--what is the driver behind this?
How much profit can be made?
Why did Allianz AG enter the takeover battle?
is that in french?
What is Financiere de Paribas?
What is Cie. de Navigation Mixte?
how were they able to diversify?
How did the company gain approval?
how much does this company cost?
how long was it?
Why was the company trying to protect its own interests?
Why are they making offerings?
How are the markets priced?
How are the terms compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report?
What are the names of these markets?
What are these offerings?
What are general obligation bonds?
how is the tax or nontax decided?
Why are the bonds obligated?
Why are the bonds tax-exempt?
Why is Goldman Sach & Co. group tentative about the pricing?
What are general obligation bonds?
Why were these bonds tentatively priced?
Why are they issuing these?
Why were the rates 6 1/5% in 1990?
Why did they increase so much?
why are they higher than taxexempt?
Why were the taxable bonds in 2009 and 2010 9.90%?
Why is the range of years so large?
What are rated single-A bonds?
what does single a mean?
Why did Moody's Investors Service Inc. rate the bonds as single-A?
How does Moody's Investors Service Inc. determine the rate of bonds?
What is the difference between a single-A bond and other rated bonds?
What are single-A bonds?
Who are the sources?
Why is the airline going bankrupt?
So what is the other proposal?
Why was the meeting in NYC?
What are the other options?
What were the other options being explored for Eastern Airlines' future?
For whom were the consultants working?
whats in the revised version?
What will the reorganization look like?
When will they deliver?
which year is it?
were they doing something illegal?
Why are they wanting to look into the lending practices in low-income neighborhoods?
What was First Union's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods?
ARE THEY SUSPICIOUS OR IS THIS NORMAL ROUTINE FOR AN ACQUISITION THIS SIZE?
What kinds of loans?
WHAT WAS DONE THAT MAKES THESE TWO SITUATIONS RESEMBLE EACH OTHER?
Where or what are the proposed acquisitions?
What proposed acquisitions were unions and community groups threatening to hold up?
why are they used then?
EXAMPLES OF THESE CASES? WHY WERE THESE SUCCESSFUL AND OTHERS NOT?
What's the reinvestment act?
when was that enacted?
What responsibilities have they not lived up to?
Which responsibilities has First Union not lived up to?
WHAT ARE THESE RESPONSIBILITIES?
What kind of natural gas?
When is the pipeline beginning?
is it a big river?
Why would it be a contentious battle?
Why are the fields still undeveloped?
when did he say this?
who is the other application?
Why is Wall Street focused on the picket line?
Why are Boeing's workers striking?
Why were the machinists on strike?
how large is the union?
Why are the Machinists striking?
Why is the union negotiating?
Why did has the union not had a meeting in two weeks?
Who were the representatives?
what are his credentials?
Why is a new settlement necessary?
How would talks break off?
How are the talks currently going?
what does that mean exactly?
How will work stoppage cause an adverse impact on the current quarter?
Why did net rise in the third quarter?
Why is the value going up if things are going bumpy in the company?
What is the legal battle over the Peter Guber and Jon Peters?
What are the strong accusations?
How are they fighting over 2 producers?
Why are Warner Communications and Sony Corp. leveling strong accusations at each other?
How is Warner saying they breached their contract?
What did Warner do that could be seen as 'interfering in the acquisition? 
Why did Warner file a $1 billion breach of contract suit against Sony and the Guber-Peters duo?
How did Warner interfere in Sony's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment and Guber Peters Entertainment Co.?
Why is the transaction valued at over $5 billion?
of which month?
Why don't they want the two producers to take over Columbia?
What made them drop any settlement talks?
Why would the injunction block the transfer of management of Columbia
legal documents?
what is exchange commission filings?
How does Warner know Sony officials never read the five-year contract?
What is the oral agreement?
Why were Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters trusted?
Why are investors giving chances of Michael Foods getting it together?
Why is there a low chance of Michael Foods getting it together?
How can Michael Foods go about getting it together?
who is Michael Foods?
why do they give them such a low chance of getting it together?
where does the hope come from?
Why is there hope for the stock now?
what has happened to cause this change?
What is the glimmer of hope?
why is it considered quiet?
Why is Burger King breaking thousands of eggs?
Why is Burger King switching over quietly?
How is the product an alternative to eggs?
"if this is a good thing, why is burger king not advertising it as cholesterol free of something like that?"
what is the alternative egg product?
why has it disappointed?
Why are the eggs easy?
How has Easy Eggs disappointed investors?
what were the results to cause the returns and how did they advertise their product?
Why were the investors disappointed?
Why are sales lower than forecasted?
How were the expected sales calculated?
what were the marketing practices of the company that failed in making the goal happen?
what is a debt swap?
Why did Western Union want to withdraw the proposed debt swap?
Why is Western Union Corp refinancing debt?
What alternatives is Western Union Corp. looking at?
Why might Western Union withdraw the the pending offer?
Why is the annual interest so high?
How is Western Union going to resolve their issues?
Why was a swap proposed in the first place?
What company are they talking about?
why is it quoted?
What are high yield junk bonds?
Why are the junk bonds high yielding?
Why are the bonds junk?
Why did the Wester Union spokesman decline to say what alternatives are under consideration?
how will they come up with that?
Why are the debt swaps more attractive?
how would they do it?
How is this not already a thing?
What type of detailed records are to be kept?
Who are these officials?
How long until these regulations are mandated?
What other government agencies have a hand in money laundering?
Details like what?
Who are these agencies?
how difficult would it be?
What other possibilities?
How would these records be kept and verified by regulators and investigators?
What are the other options?
What would be considered suspicious ? Because that could get racist or any number of ethical issues real fast. 
What would qualify as a questionable payment?
How did the arms deal with the Contras end?
What is the arms plug?
How did he 'blunder' into the hands of conservatives?
What did Mr. Ortega do in Costa Rica?
Does Mr. Ortega want to hold an election in Nicaragua?
why no election there?
Why doesn't Mr. Ortega and his friends want to hold an election in Nicaragua?
Why are the liberals asking Mr. Ortega to give them a break?
Why should Mr. Ortega give them a break?
How would each of these concepts be attained?
What makes you suspect?
What blunder are they talking about?
"What happened on Monday, October 30, 1989?"
what happened that day?
What develops the guide?
Why don't the interest rates represent actual transactions?
Why do they not always represent actual transactions?
Is this a fair rate?
what is a prime rate?
How many corporate loans are given per year?
federal funds are what?
of which year?
How narrow was Felipe Gonzalez election?
What are the different conclusions that he could potentially come to?
Why did they fail to topple him?
Why was he a strong challenger?
is that a group?
what is a high water mark?
Which issues?
What are some good issues of the far left?
What were some of the good issues?
How were these programs shown to be unsuccessful?
Why is there a shortfall in LTV's pension plans?
why is there a short fall?
what is the high court?
will they go bankrupt?
what kind of liabilities?
why did they favor ltv?
how was it applied?
What kind of adhesive was used?
"3,600 out of how many total? "
What was done wrong in the application of the adhesive? 
How was it applied incorrectly?
Are they replacing the oil filler cap because they were also improperly added to the cars?
What was wrong with the oil filler cap?
What percentage of the total number of cars of this make/model is this?
What percentage of the total number of cars of this make/model is this?
What was wrong with the cap?
is it a car or truck?
Is the Tracer a line of cars Ford sells?
"What caused the problem - bad adhesive, or incorrect application?"
is that fast or slow?
Does this mean it's not meant to retain the windshield at faster speeds?
Which of Wall Street's top talent may collect fees?
Why did the buy-out of UAL collapse?
Who are the Wall Street's top talent?
Why did it collapse?
Why would there be fees to collect?
what are his credentials?
Who is the person familiar with the airline?
Who is the one person familiar with the airline?
Why does Stephen Wolf have the right to bill UAL?
What are commitment fees?
Why are there commitment fees?
Why was there a failure?
how can it be breached?
what does then?
definition of this word?
Why is this considered unsettling?
"What makes RU-486 a \""creepy concoction\""?"
Why is RU-486 a creepy concoction?
is that a hormone?
Why is it so inefficient compared to prostaglandin?
What studies were conducted on the efficiency of RU-480?
What is the mechanism by which prostagladin boosts the efficiency of RU-480?\n\n\n
what happens in the 1 percent?
In what ways is abortion via the pill more of an ordeal than surgical abortion?
How is abortion via the pill more of an ordeal than surgical abortion?
What percentage of women participating in studies report pain levels requiring analgesic shots?
what does that mean in this context?
How often does this happen?
How did bargain hunters help stock prices?
Why did the dollar and bond prices inch higher?
What kind of bargains did they find?
what is light trading?
Why did the Dow lose more than 92 points last week?
How much higher?
Why would bond prices go higher in light of a slowing economy?
definition of this word?
How much did the pound gain against the dollar?
Why was the British pound beleaguered and then gain against the dollar?
How much did it gain?
What is usually the the average of shares sold?
Why did firms throw in the towel on program trading?
Which firms?
Why has ABC suffered losses on its baseball contract?
What are the already-sizeable losses?
what was the second lowest?
what about the rest of the games?
Why was viewership in decline from the beginning of the season?
what day is it at the time of writing?
what is a sweep?
Why will the A’s success make things worse for ABC and/its parent company?
Why would the sweep by the A's make things worse for ABC?
why are they cutting so much?
Why re they cutting so many employees? 
Who are Quotron Systems Inc and what kind of buisness are they.
Why will there be cuts?
What is the reason for these cuts?
how much do they want to spend?
What revenue do they make?
Why are expenses rising so rapidly?
Why are they so far out in the first place that this type of correction is needed?
is it part of citibank?
What kind of changing conditions are they experiencing?
What changing conditions are these?
What is the time frame of this article's writing? How long have retail securities been in loss now?
How are the price quotes generated?
what exactly are price quotations?
What type of services are delivered?
Is this really a company that is in stock trading and cellular networks?
what do they mean by this?
What happens after this date?
What is this plan about?
Who else was looking to reorganize the company?
Who is the nation's number 1 auto maker?
How many plants do they have?
What is the cause of the slowdown?
why is it slowing down?
Why was the car industry slowing?
Why did he decline?
What would the desired number of plants be?
Why does Chrysler have too many plants?
How many is too many plants?
Did he consider revamping the old and inefficient over a close down?
how do they determine that?
Why is the capacity inefficient?
How old are these plants?
Is this the most inefficient plant?
Are these popular models?
How many Canadian plants are there in total?
Are other car plants doing the same thing?
"What is \""Sometimes, Talk Is the Best Medicine\""?"
What is the Marketplace section?
what does this mean?
What made you choose this for the October 5 selection?
"Why is \""Sometimes, Talk Is the Best Medicine\"" in my Marketplace section?"
Why is there applause for it?
"How does the \""art of doctoring\"" contribute to better health results and discourage malpractice litigation?"
is it not an art actually?
"How does this relate to \""Sometimes, Talk is the Best Medicine\""?"
"How does the \""art of doctoring\"" contribute to better health results?"
Why is there unwarranted malpractice litigation?
"What does the \""art of doctoring\"" mean?"
How does it contribute to better health results?
"How does spending \""talk time\"" result in loss of earnings?"
"How does \""talk time\"" contribute to true rapport?"
Why would communication restrain the doctor's earnings?
does it reach every doctor?
Does this refer to in a particular country or is this a world wide reach?
Why was Lone Star Technology Inc. trying to recover a minimum of $23 million?
How was the value determined?
Why does Lone Star Steel want to recover an intercompany receivable?
"Where is \""here\"", and why was a suit being filed?"
"What is an \""intercompany receivable\""?"
What were the details of the suit?
is that the worst type?
Why was the creditor's committee unsecured?
How was the committee operating under Chapter 11?
Why has Lone Star Steel been operating under the Bankruptcy Code since June 30?
Why did Lone Star Steel file Chapter 11?
"How is this committee unsecured, and why would a company file a suit through an unsecured committee?"
Again - details of lawsuit?
why havent they?
Why does Lone Star Technologies owe its subsidiaries money?
How are is the amount being calculated?
Why can't they come to an agreement on the amount of money?
How was this agreement reached?
what are his credentials?
Why is the group challenging certain accounting entries?
How are lawyers arriving at that estimation?
Which accounting entries is the creditors group challenging?
Which entries are being challenged?
"Why is Lone Star Technology \""jointly\"" responsible for the $4.5 million pension payment?"
How is Long Star Steel going to pay the $4.5 million pension?
With whom are they jointly responsible?
Why was it not paid?
Why can't the amount be recovered?
what is a tender offer?
Which state is the judge from?
Is the offer to other stockholders?  What is the offer?
Why did the judge postpone the decision of Telerate Inc's block?
Why was the decision postponed?
What was Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III thinking about?
What were the arguments about?
what is an injunction?
How long does he have to make his decision if not today?
will they accept?
Does Telerate have an option to negotiate?
How will selling Telerate shares to Dow Jones & Co. affect the prices of those shares?
What was the current value of the stocks?
will they extend again?
How long could it be extended for?
Why was it extended before?
Does the extension lie in the hands of the judge who originally postponed his decision about Telerate's block against Dow Jones & Co.?
Will both Dow Jones & Co. and Telerate return to business as usual if the offer expires?
Why did Secretary of State Baker want to kill a speech by Robert Gates?
Where was this speech to take place?
Why did Baker want the speech killed?
do they have an idea what it was?
how did primates ultimately develop speech?
meaning unlikely reforms?
Why were these reforms unworkable?
How does a stablecoin constantly react to a currencies current market value?
What is a decentralized political and economic system?
is this a complex idea?
What are the grievances and demands of Soviet ethnic minorities?
Why were there grievances on the part of ethnic minorities?
how did this become such a dominant word in our culture?
what happened to program trading/
What is program trading?
WHAT IS CAUSING IT TOBE UNSTABLE?
WHAT IS THE ISSUE WITH PROGRAM TRADING THAT IS CAUSING THIS PROBLEM?
which year?
What stock funds?
Why did net sales of stock funds slow in September?
WHY DID SALES SLOW?
Which analysts?
Why the halt?
Why did sales recovery come to a halt?
WHY DID THE RECOVERY HALT?
Where is it sitting?
"STOCK MARKET SWINGS ARE NORMAL, WHY WOULD THIS CAUSE SUCHA HEAVY IMPACT?"
HOW DID THEY NOT TAKE PREVENTATIVE ACTION TO TRY TO SLOW THE FALL OF THE STOCK PRICE?
Why does NRM Energy Co. want to restructure into a corporation?
Why is restructure being called for?
Why were they being restricted initially?
what are those?
Why did NRM suspend its common distribution
how quickly do they get the money?
How would NRMs financial flexibility be hurt?
What are the new tax laws for partnerships?
How would it save so much money in admin costs?
Why is it unclear how the offer will be financed by the Michigan investors?
is that some last names?
Which Michigan investors?
Why would they want to buy a failing company?
Who are the group of Michigan investors who want to buy Detroit Free Press?
Why shouldn't the Free Press be allowed to join a pact with Detroit News?
Is he waiting till the next meeting to discuss how the offer will be financed?
"If they are part of the group, why weren't the individuals aware of the offer?"
should they have been aware?
Was he busy at the time when he was asked to comment?
why no comment?
How is democracy making a return
How many people are in Latin America's most populous country?
Why is the most populous Latin American country indebted?
which country is it?
what kind of vengeance?
Why were they not able to have an election before?
Why did the Brazilians wait 29 years to elect a new president?
How were the candidates chosen?
why so many candidates?
"Why do the candidates want to be elected to a \""thankless political\"" job?"
"How are the candidates going to \""drag\"" Brazil out of its economic and social mess?"
Why does Brazil have an economic and social mess?
Why is a Brazilian diplomat sharing his feelings?
Wins what?
Why is it uncertain who the winner will be?
are there polls?
Winner of what?
Whose leveraged buyout is looking positive?
Why is the buyout looking positive?
What kind of buyouts?
What other retailers?
just mild problems?
What sort of serious issues are they not in?
Why is this particular place not in serious financial problems? 
what is lbo?
What were the LBO terms A. Bank Clothiers were having difficulties with?
Why have they failed to accomplish their buyouts?
How did you successfully restructure your debt?
Which other retailers?
They were incorrect in what way?
What is the financial health of this company?
Why did he resign?
why did he resign?
Who is the new recorded music and music publishing cases?
What executives?
are they creating a new one?
What kind of muscial acts?
How does he plan to successfully do this?
What record label?
What is the name of the new record label?
is he famous?
What has he produced?
Which three members?
Who are the three members of Bush's cabinet who will lead a mission to Poland?
What are Poland's economic changes?
which year was this?
What mission is it?
is she a good choice to lead?
how much experience does he have?
what are security houses?
Why were securities houses forced to end charging fixed commissions?
"Why was May 1, 1975 distressful?"
Why was an end put to 183 years of charging fixed commissions?
Why does it matter if fixed commissions are charged or not?
did some not?
Why were the brokers scared?
How did the brokers survive?
What is it and why was it scaring people?
debate in court?
Why was the debate bitter?
How did the traders feel about the issue?
Why did the exchanges bitterly debate the issue?
Why is William McChesney Martin no longer the Federal Reserve Board Chairman?
How would unfixed commissions undue the industry?
Why was the timing for change right?
How was the change going to occur?
What was the change?
does concern mean business?
Why is it a biotechnology concern?
what are the concerns exactly?
Why would the move heighten concerns about increased Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology forms?
Why are there heightened concerns?
How would the Japanese gain certain trade and competitive advantages?
What kind of trade and competitive advantages?
What are competitive advantages?
What trade advantages can they get?
what products are those?
Who is Gen Probe?
What type of infectious diseases?
What type of certain associated research and development?
What is a cross-border acquisition?
Why is the acquisition described as cross-border?
Why is the total down from a year earlier?
is that becoming common?
How does the buyer acquire a target in a different region?
how are they tracked?
Why are the numbers up from a year earlier?
Why did the total value decline for deals of $100 million and up?
why would it be temporary?
Why does Mr. Adler think the downturn in total value is temporary?
which issues?
What issues were filed recently with the SEC?
What types of issues would the Securities and Exchange commission be filing?
What is this exchange commission?
How did Oppenheimer&Co come to these numbers for ECI shares?
Why are they selling shares?
what are common shares?
What types of shares are being offered here?
what are those?
What is a floating rate senior note?
How are senior notes different from common shares?
Why is this company important?
Who is Alex and why does he get a share in this?
Who is Alex?
Why was October an edgy month for glasnost practitioners?
What exactly is it?
in which year?
How was October an edgy month for the practitioners?
how does one add candor to public media?
Why was October 20 a somersaulting day for Vitaly Korotich?
What was the tension/cause of the tension?
what is glasnost?
Why is Vitaly Korotich a superstar of glasnost?
"how did he get the title \""superstar\""?"
Why was he summoned to the Central Committee?
How do people feel justified holding tight to so much opulence while others die of starvation?
Why did the Central Committee need to educate Korotich?
Why do they feel the need to educate him from time to time?
How would he be educated if he was poor?
definition of this word?
how was he allowed to report on such matters?
What was her response?
How is this latest event promising business as usual?
What is the latest upheaval in her government?
What is the latest upheaval in Margaret Thatcher's government?
needs to do what?
Why would this potentially be the last thing she needs. What is she trying to obtain?
What may be the last thing she needs?
What is the last thing that Margaret Thatcher needs?
how daunting is it?
How are they planning to rebuild this confidence?
Who are the people that resigned?
Rebuilding confidence in what policies?
Who were the resignations from?
what is an exchequer?
Why is the point at which this commitment happens vague? What is holding them back?
What is European economic integration?
What is the problem with program trading?
Which companies are joining together to complain?
WHAT ARE THEY COMPLAINING ABOUT?
What are the complaints?
what is involved with program trading?
What are the listed companies?
"What does Charles Wohlstetter mean by \""gambling casino\""?"
its not really a casino though right?
alliance against what?
How is it a gambling casino?
Why would program-trading cause wild price swings?
Who was the interview conducted by?
how do you end the swings without completely cutting out online trading?
What percentage do the price swigs change?
What are their complaints?
What is meant by Trump East?
what does trump east mean?
why would he preach about the what the community should do when he has a vested interest in what he is preaching against?
How do the White House and Congress feel about how the county conducts secret intelligence operations abroad?
what are the odds of a truce?
"What is this?  Is it like'chicken\"" to see who blinks first?"
How will there be a truce?
What policy does President Bush and the Senate Intelligence Committee agree on?
Why do they only appear ready for now?
how many years?
How has this not been seen in years?
Why hasn't the committee been informed of covert actions?
How are these decisions key intelligence decisions?
How did the Reagan administration handle secret intelligence operations?
how did they handle it before?
How is the rally massive?
Why was the rally in South Africa?
Why is the rally anti-government focused?
who opposes apartheid?
Where in South Africa was the anti-government rally?
Who are the APARTHEID FOES?
"How did the \""more than 70,000\"" people get counted?"
Why did they choose to gather in a soccer stadium?
Why were leaders freed?
"Which soccer stadium did 70,000 people fill?"
Who were the freed leaders of the African National Congress that were welcomed?
What makes this a black township?
Why was the rally in opposition?
what was the second largest?
What opposition rally can you compare it to?
Why was Walter Sisulu in prison?
Why was Walter Sisulu released from prison?
"Why is Walter Sisulu urging peace, negotiation and discipline?"
Why did Walter Sisulu serve 26 years in prison?
Why was he in prison?
Why is President de Klerk running the government?
Why does a President have to permit the rally?
Why would security forces interfere with a rally?
Do security forces normally interfere?
how much does that cost to acquire?
Why only extinction?
Are they not allowed to acquire them otherwise?
How did the fail?
How would they have needed to adjust to survive the changing market?
what does rebut mean?
Why the need of a proof?
of which year?
Why were the politicans so mad?
Why are politicians nervous about the federal budget?
Why is the the government not doing anything about the deficit?
How was the report written?
Why is the deficit unsatisfactory?
who do they owe the money to?
What's the federal deficit now?
How did the deficit drop rise over three billion dollars in a year?
Thrift industry? What is that?
How did Congress intend on cleaning up the thrift industry?
Why did Congress not allow the government to spend more?
Why is congress cleaning up the thrift industry?
why couldnt teh money be spent fast enough?
why couldnt they spend fast enough?
Why was Control Data hemorrhaging financially?
Why was the company hemorrhaging money and why do they think they will be healthy again soon?
What changed to turn things around?
What was leading to their financial difficulties?
what are data solutions?
"How does repurchasing public debt correlate to being a \""data solutions\"" business? "
Why does it see alliances as beneficial?
Why were they taking this sort of tactic?
why did it take so long?
What did the restructuring involve?
Why was Control Data's losses so high?
What was leading to these heavy losses?
what will they do with it?
why was it slowing?
Slowing by how much?
Why was it slowing?
What questions
Why was personal spending slowing by the end of the period?
Why did it grow?
what was the biggest?
Why was it so small? What happened?
which year is this?
Which parts of North and South Carolina?
To what extent?
Why was it held down by Hurricane Hugo?
Why only these two states
How did Hurricane Hugo hold down personal income?
Commerece department? Because a different rate was given in September above.
How do they know it would have climbed this much
How long were they closed?
Was the water deemed not safe to drink prior?
Where did this spill come from?
Why was the water declared safe to drink?
How did the chemical spill occur?
What type of chemical spill?
how do they flush it out?
How many days?
Flushed out their systems how?
How did people flush out their systems?
what does that smell like?
Is this dangerous?\n
Why will the water have a slight licorice-type odor?
How will they know when the water is not contaminated?
What makes her skeptical?
Is it a dyer situation?
Why is Wanda Blake skeptical about the water?
Why did Wanda Black not get word about the tainted water in time?
Why was there a spill?
which tuesday?
Is it dangerous to ingest?
How did officials give the green light to the customers?
what is this word?
What caused this vaudevillian moment?
How where they having such a moment?
what is a blitzkrieg winter?
Why didn't this foundation attract classier acts?
How was this tour comparable to the blitzkrieg?
What factors lead to this description?
"What distinguished this group as \""definitely not from Hollywood\""?"
Did they do songs that weren't featured in hit movies?
"What does the term \""schlep\"" mean?"
To which cities did this group travel?
How lucrative is this for local providers?
"How do these promoters know what to provide, and how many of each instrument to provide?"
Why did they have loaner?
What is the month and date of the Saturday mentioned?
How did this accident happen?
what can the sun do here?
What kind of sharks are hunted or overfished?
What does the sun have to do with hunted and overfished sharks?
What is the hope?
do they put a chip inside the sharks?
Who are the marine scientists and who are they affiliated with?
What kind of data?
How long would these old tags last?
is he well educated?
How much do the tags cost?
How are the tags like a smartphone?
What types of sensors are on the tags?
What kind of sensors do the tags have?
how rare are they?
Why are injuries rare?
how likely is it?
Which older attractions?
What older attractions are people more likely to get hurt on?
How would a person get hurt getting on or off an attraction?
Why do people get hurt getting on or off a ride?
what were they studying for?
Which theme parks did the data come from?
is it not working?
Which years are considered recent years?
How much has obesity risen among American children?
How many years is several years?
Why are they reversing?
is it a scientific journal?
What are the hopeful signs?
Why would this happen?
why does it rise among them?
How much as obesity risen?
What about the time in between?
How much specific education did they have?
how can he cope?
How does a person develop cancer?
Who is the 15 year old teen?
Is there a positive outlet he could be using for this stress?
is he ill?
What is considered to be a mental illness?
What is the role of a principal in the life of a depressed student?
Is denial a normal aspect of this mental illness?
how long did it take?
Where does one seek treatment for a mental illness?
Where did the teen seek treatment?
What type of treatment was being used?
How did this treatment go?
was he really depressed?
How is one evaluated and diagnosed with major depressive disorder?
Has he been able to receive the help he needed?
When did our society begin to document school violence?
Why are these illnesses not being treated properly?
Could the lack of health insurance have anything to do with this?
is she just a random citizen?
How did she know?
where did the money come from?
How was the information to buy the in-game items added?
how did he spend so much?
How was there no limit or alert to let her know this was happening?
where is that?
"Why growing more desperate, where they on sea for long? "
What happened that she is captaining the boat in an unfit shape?
Why is he desperate and what is he desperate about?
was the water empty?
How much fish would they usually have. Has this been a occurring pattern? 
Why did he not catch any fish?
How many people are in the crew?
how long has it been that way?
Why is this happening?
I thought pelicans ate all kinds of fish? why would they starve if only the sardines are removed from their diet?
Which doctors?
How does cutting food stamps relate to bigger health bills?
HOW DOES THIS EQUATE TO A BUDGET CUT ON FOOD STAMPS?
"THE POOR WILL END UP IN HOSPITALS AND DOCTORS OFFICES ANYWAYS, HOW DOES THIS SIGNIFICANTLY INCREASE WHAT WE ARE ALREADY SPENDING ON HEALTH COSTS?"
"IF BEING OVERWEIGHT CAUSES DIABETES, HOW DOES HUNGER CAUSE IT TOO?"
What does this farm bill entail?
Why would Congress want food stamp cuts?
WHAT TYPE OF FARM BILL AND HOW DOES ONE ITEM INVOLVE THE OTHER?
WHAT IS THE REASONING FOR HEFTIER CUTS AND WHAT ARE THE FINAL OUTCOMES EITHER WAY?
how did they find it?
How did the find the tomb?
Why are they predicting that there are more tombs?
Where specifically did this find this tomb?
Which University of Pennsylvania archaeologists?
who looted it?
Why was the tomb looted?
Why is Woseribre Senebkay making an announcement about the tomb?
What made them think these hieroglyphs belonged to this ruler?
How do they know the excavation sites are from the same dynasty?
How is Joseph Wegner qualified to be an associate professor of Egyptology?
How close by are these sites? Several miles or hundreds of miles?
what is a necropolis?
Why was the dynasty lost?
What does he mean when he uses the term necropolis?
who created the list?
Why did archaeologist suspect the existence of the unknown pharaohs?
Why were the rulers listed?
Why was the Turin King list torn and decayed?
What led them to suspect they existed?
what does this mean?
How is the language lyrical?
Why is the report international?
How is the climate changing?
When did the report come out?
What is the international report on climate change?
Why are the details crammed?
How were the technical details collected?
"How IPCC determine what technical details would be included in the 2,200 pages?"
what are his credentials?
Why was Gregory Johnson the lead author of the chapter on marine measurements?
How are the measurements taken?
How is he confident in his measurements if wrapping his head around its compilation is hard for him?
What are marine measurements?
can we read the haiku?
Why was the cold bad?
How did the cold keep him inside?
Why did Johnson decide to distill the report via haiku?
What is haiku?
what is the twittersphere?
Why is the booklet virtual?
How does a booklet become a celebrity?
"How did they \""look\"" at them?"
How did they go about calculating the figures?
Why do they need water to last more than 100 days?
Why did they have enough water for only 100 days?
How important is this to the citizens as a whole? Are there other water supplies?
How did they adopt new measures?
Why were they considered tough?
Why did they need to ration water?
What type of rationing measures were the officials putting into place?
how tough are they?
How is water generally rationed?
Why is the town no longer a lumber town?
"Why is it called a \""crash\"" diet?"
What happened to the town's lumber industry?
what is this diet?
How does a crash water diet work?
How do regulators know how much water a family of four uses?
Why were so many people using so much water?
Why is outdoor watering banned?
How are they enforcing the ban on car washing?
Why do people hose down pavement?
Is there an end in sight or is this until further notice?
who are they?
What contributed to these people wealth?
who are the world's richest people?
does it seem unfair?
Whats the average salary they live on?
What resources do people use to acquire wealth?
is that a big city?
What was the month and year the report was issued?
Is the report about the richest 85 people compared to the poor?
Which federal appeals court?
Why are gay rights limited?
Why are laws that limit gay rights being challenged?
what is a judge panel?
Why was the decision unanimous?
Why are there three-judges on the panel?
How many panels are there?
Who were the three judges on the panel?
What id the 9th U.S.?
what is that?
Which AIDS drug was at question?
Why was the AIDs drug charged with antitrust?
Which AIDS drug was involved in the antitrust case?
how was it obvious?
"How was this juror \""obviously\"" gay?"
How was the juror obviously gay?
How was the exclusion unjustifiable? 
How many jurors were in the jury?
In what ways was the juror obviously gay?
Why is it prohibited to strike jurors based on their sexual orientation?
Who are the image-conscious professionals?
How are the professionals image-conscious?
Why is this the case?
environmentalists it means?
Who are plant people?
Why did they send a letter?
Who are the country's most prominent plant people?
why are they obsessed with it?
When was horticulture a priority?
is it really a science?
What do they want done?
How could they do something to boost the ranks of those in horticulture?
Does the letter suggest a solution?
what is a garbage vessel?
How much energy does the barge require to make one trip of cleaning and docking?
what does the sewage cause?
Who are the critics?
What are alternative method of cleaning the area's sewage?
Why is sewage a more pressing issue than plastic debris? 
Would a landfill be better for the amount of garbage being dumped?
what about at high tide?
How clean are the beaches?
Will this trash eventually automatically disperse into the larger ocean?
How do large household items like sofas end up in the bay?
What are golden domes on a tortoise and why are they valuable?
Who were the conservationists?
How did they brand the domes of the tortoises?
What does it mean to brand the golden domes?
could there be another solution?
How big do these tortoises usually get?
Why is it heartbreaking?
what is this word?
What does this word mean?
What is a carapace?
Did this tortoise experience pain during this branding process?
Would dying her with color be an alternative option to this process?
how do they spy on that game?
How are apps like Angry Birds allies to intelligence agencies?
what believes him to suggest this? how does he know?
What is being done with this data?
How does the game provide that type of information?
Who do these apps feed intelligence agencies personal data?
is this legal?
"Is this data worth something, or why is it being collected?"
Is the data retrieved from other apps or the phone or strictly the game?
How do intelligence agencies get access to the app-generated data?
what sort of data? example?
what is gchq?
Is there really enough capabilities to be able to process this data in order to make it worth something?
What is this?
How does using Google Maps work in support of GCHQ systems?
why is there a smirking fairy?
what does the smirking fairy have to do with collecting data?
What is Ceres?
was that an old planet?
Who is Ceres?
Why did Pluto fall from planetary grace?
Why was there Ceres before Pluto?
Why was Pluto demoted from planet status?
Are there other asterioids that were once falsely categorized as planets at this time?
How did the definition change over the years?
How do scientists decide where to draw the line?
Where is the water vapor coming from?
What are these implications?
How did astronomers discover water vapor?
How were the implications fascinating?
How does the presence of water vapor explain things about our solar system's evolution?
How was the water discovered?
How much investigation had we done into Ceres previously?
"What constitutes a \""dwarf planet?\"""
How does the asteroid belt affect Ceres?
does he actually do that?
What made his second term sluggish?
Why is President Obama's second term sluggish?
How would President Obama sidestep Congress?
What are the modest executive actions being unveiled? 
What would it be increased to?
How much would minimum wage for federal contract workers go up?
How will President Obama's executive actions help people save for retirement?
How much does the president plan to increase the minimum wage?
was he wearing some kind of outfit?
is the gap widening?
Why is a Civil War still in action?
How is the Civil War still in action?
did they use guns?
How are brothers pitted against each other?
what is a cyclorama?
How was the battle chaotic?
How did the war come to an end?
Why are visitors curious about the taste of war?
Why were visitors interested in the war recreation scenes?
What is a cyclorama?
Who were the painters that recreated the Civil War scenes?
is he a general?
How was the museum updated?
How has the concept been updated?
why is it named that?
"Why was the movie called \""Seeing the Elephant\""?"
How did the technology allow for 360-degrees and 11-foot-tall screens?
What does the idea of an elephant depict?
What kind of sharks?
Who's Colin?
who is he?
What is his daughter's name?
What happened in this encounter?
How close is a “close” encounter? 
what made the splash?
Why did they return to the same spot the hard a close encounter with a shark the same day? 
What are some of the other aggressive shark species?
How would they know?
why do they happen so much there?
Why did the fisherman release his net?
are they in every city?
Why described as quaint? All the chinatowns I've been to are pretty extravagant. 
Wouldn't it just be across the United States? You don't need to be in a Chinatown to celebrate
What states are the Chinatowns located?
why is it bittersweet?
Why do they refer to it as bittersweet?
Why would the Lunar New Year festival be called bittersweet?
"Expected in what way? Are they given time off work, or paid, ect...?"
Why have millions moved from rural areas to cities?
is it actually the largest migrations?
Why are they all moving to cities?
why are they proliferating?
Why are retailers seeing record numbers of used electronics being sold for quick cash?
What sort of retailers are being discussed here?
Why would more devices mean more used ones being sold?
what is the average?
"How much more popular, percentage-wise, are these trade-ins becoming?"
is that a lot?
what are the price comparisons between now and 2009?
Where would these locations be situated?
what is the percentage?
what is done after?
How does this make the violin special?
is that a brand?
Loan from who?
Was the performance during the day or in the evening?
why is it worth so much?
Was it just one person?
How was Almond essential to this series?
is that a festival?
What kind of music or what music was in the concert?
do they have a heritage there?
What is the artistic heritage?
is it a real castle?
Are these visitors tourists from other areas or local?
How long has this drought been going on?
What made it one of the worse droughts?
What caused the drought?
how is that measured?
Is this due to lack of rain?
Which springs supply the state monument?
What caused the reduction in spring supply?
Is rain the only water source for the Castle?
What caused the significant reduction?
Is there another water source they can use?
Which trio of reservoirs specifically?
How does the Castle use so much water?
what is neptune pool?
What makes this pool iconic?
Can this leak be repaired?
How big are these cracks? How many cracks are there?
Why hasn't it been fixed?
whats her name?
Why would a little girl be working at a cotton mill?
Who was the little girl?
Why is she working at 9 or 10 years old?
Why was she staring out her window?
is he famous?
What did she do at the place?
Why is Lewis Hine the father of American documentary photography?
How did he know there were children working there?
What other types of abuses of labor laws were there?
What other industries did he work for?
How did he find out names?
Why did this picture have no names?
Who are the people in both images?
Why is the researcher trying to find this data?
What is the mystery?
What are the other advantages that children in South Korea have that children in the US don't have?
Why was President Barack Obama announcing plans to bring high-speed Internet more quickly?
Why do public schools need high-speed Internet?
Does every child in South Korea have high-speed Internet in their school?\n\n
Which schools is he planning to bring high-speed internet to?
do we not have high speed internet?
Why is internet speed considered such a highly competitive advantage?
How is Internet access at public schools a competitive advantage?
How do we give them competitive advantage by having high-speed Internet?
do schools not have wifi?
Why do people expect free Wi-fi with their coffee?
Who is supporting this project privately?
Why is the phase-in being sped up?
What companies are benefiting from this project?
Is he really concerned about schools having high speed internet or is he just interested in helping certain companies make more money?
Why are these companies helping? What's in it for them?
Why are major companies pitching in to help students get connected to the World Wide Web?
Are these companies pitching these things in for free?
What year did this take place?
Who is the nation's first largest drugstore chain?
What kind of medical care?
How else is health care evolving?
why is that?
Where was the new report published?
What constitutes proficient reading?
How does this differ from reading proficiently?
What percentage of fourth graders?
What has the growth rate in the reading skills gap been?
Do educators recommend a national standard to define proficiency?
What is considered a lower income family?
which states?
Which six states have not seen an improvement in student proficiency?
Is proficiency not assessed more than once a decade by NAEP?
What are the 6 States?
how big were the gains?
What are these states doing that is causing gains in reading skills?
What measures are these states taking to improve their failing student reading proficiency?
What percentage did they decline?
How long has Connecticut lead the nation in reading proficiency?
what year is this article from?
could it be unrelated?
who is all?
what are some of the symptoms?
what is a necropsy?
What is necropsies?
why did they not find an answer from the autopsy?
why is it cold there recently?
what is the time frame of this article?
Who made this documentary?
How long has this program been in place?
Do they know what causes them to die early?
how much earlier?
At what age do Sea World's whales die early?
why was it unchallenged?
contrast compared to what?
Is there solid proof?
In what means do they suffer?
But not actually true?
What is the average life span of a wild Orca?
Is this overseen by professionals in this field?
How and who do they purchase Orcas from?
What IS the normal life span?
how complex is it?
What is the truth?
What is the truth of the life span of the killer whales?
why cant they figure it out?
why is their such a controversy about Whales being held in captivity?
Why were a team of explorers settling in the wild frontier?
How were the team of explorers tied up by red tape?
why do they tie it up?
Who are the team of explorers?
Who are the bureaucrats?
How are the explorers traveling to outer space?
who went to outer space?
Why is the FAA monitoring outer space?
Why is this loophole still in existence?
How can a spacecraft reach orbit without being constrained by the FAA?
libertarians dont like regulations?
What sort of regulatory authority will space attorneys be arguing for or against?
How is the FAA going to enforce mining rights in outer space?
Which song from the movie Shindler's List?
How old is she?
Did the red coat symbolize something?
Who were the competing skaters?
What does this mean in English?
why was it spellbinding?
How does the team competition relate to her solo performance?
Why does Bogota rarely get respect?
who doesnt respect it?
Why do they lack respect?
Why is it referred to as gritty?
Maybe because it's described as gritty?
why is it considered ugly?
What constitutes a livability survey?
What is the actual rank?
What constitutes as 'livability'?
What makes it one of the ugliest?
Whys is that?
How long has this been happening?
what do they spray paint?
Why have the laws been relaxed?
What are the laws there or why are they lax?
Why would that be a makeover?
How are they on bloom?
Why do some wonder about the line between the two?
"What is the line then, legally?"
what is the salt for?
Why does it stand ready?
Why is it packed in a shed?
Why are the dirty rocks of salt packed into a shed?
What is the bulldozer ready to do?
can they not get rid of the snow?
Why does county have stockpiles?
How far is this location ? Was it treacherous ? 
What are the stockpiles?
how many do they need?
Howmuch should they have ? How many people is this for 
Perhaps a picture of what this looks like
Why that amount ?
Where they located ?
who is he?
How big is Rinehart's orchard? What percentage of apples and peaches is affected?
Why would spraying calcium help?
how do they spray it?
Why were they spraying the fruit?
Why didn't he cut open his fruit and examine it first?
How was the fruit examined? Was it examined in a lab?
do they eat the crops?
"Where is Washington County in Maryland, like north, northwest, southeast, etc.?"
Why is this plague hardly a footnote?
are those real people?
What was the Justinian Plague?
who has made this claim?
What kinds of rodents?
Why do they think it went extinct?
how do we know that?
Who were the authors of the study on Justinian Plague?
how we do know for certain?
What is the lesson?
What type of evidence have archaeologists uncovered?
How do they archaeologists judge the relative significance of these historical sites? 
Which archaeologists? Who are they? What  are their names?
"This must have significant ramifications concerning logistics on the ground. What measures have been taken to preserve the find, and stop any further contamination till more studies can be done?"
how large are the circles?
Why do the archaeologists believe the holes of foundation holes for this type of dwelling?
Who were the Tequesta Indians?
What were their dwellings like?
What info prompted Carr to this hypothesis?
what is an outcropping?
Why have they concluded this outcropping was once the natural shoreline?
What has been found in that fill?
How much land are we talking about?
what is togo?
Why are they skiing?
What is diaspora?
is it hot there?
Why they never touched Togolose soil?
"Since when does a \""Team Togo\"" exists in winter competitions?"
Why do they feel Togolese?
where is the midsection?
What is defined as the midsection of earth?
What midsection area?
why does that occur?
Which study is the statement referring to?
Who conducted the study?
what does it stand for?
What is the credentials?
Which ecosystems are considered tropical?
are there theories?
Which scientists have not agreed?
Why they haven't agreed?
In what way did they make history?
Who are the ski jumpers?
Why are these ski jumpers pioneers?
How did they make history?
Who is they?
why does this matter?
Which 12 countries?
Why did it take so long for the women's event to get included?
Why was it a battle?
Are people seriously suggesting that some sports are unladylike in today's day and age?
What suggestions were made?
How is it unhealthy?
is this some kind of joke?
Who was this detractor who said this to Lindsay Van?
why is he commenting on it?
How do the ladies on the team feel if their coach is not even a fan of the event that he's coaching?
Why would it not be appropriate?
What is wrong with it medically?
Why is he not a fan?
what is an all stock deal?
which year?
Will it be hard to get the approvals?
trumps by how much?
are the grades bad?
Why is she accomplished?
Which aspects of school was the student competent in?
Who was the accomplished Los Altos High student?
In what ways was she accomplished?
why did she never return?
What did she earn a D in?
Why did she leave permanently?
What class did the student get a D in?
why did that happen?
what is her illness?
How many students is more? 
What is social phobia?
Which wildlife authorities?
What is the plan in place for breeding whooping cranes?
Why are there plans to breed a thriving population?
what were they researching exactly?
What caused the population to shrink to 23?
Why did the population shrink?
are the killers going to prison?
Why are these cranes released each year and do they increase the population?
Which school?
Was there a reason for them to require uniforms?
Why are the students required to wear uniforms?
"Why is the school's motto \""Tomorrow's Leaders\""?"
Why is the school's mascot a gopher?
Why we're the students required to wear this shirt?
how was this violated? 
How did the parents go about objecting?
Why did the parents think suing was a good idea?
How does requiring students to wear uniforms violate freedom of speech?
Did this p\nerson win the lawsuit? How much did they sue for?
what was the outcome?
Why were the judges unanimous?
Why are there three judges?
How did they announce their ruling?
What was the ruling in favor of?
why is it difficult? 
How did it violate their rights?
What is the legal standard?
Why did the circuit largely agree with her?
How did the judges determine the uniform rule violated the students' right to free speech?
How can the school meet the legal standard?
Why do all the students have to be leaders?
Why was Judge Jacqueline H. Nguyen appointed by Obama?
Why is there an uprising against the Ukranian President?
What led to the uprising beginning?
Why is there a 3 month old uprising?
Why did they move against the encampment?
How did the death toll grow when only stun grenades and water cannons were used?
Which other reports?
why is it conflicting information?
what is the second worst?
Why is this country important to Russia and the West?
is it easy?
What is the process of digging out a mammoth's tusk?
What does this task entail?
why is he mentioned?
of which year?
Where was the street near where they were digging?
How will the tusk reach its destination intact?
What was the verdict?
Why is this an issue?
Why was he acquitted?
Why is self-defense an issue?
How was George Zimmerman acquitted?
Why did George Zimmerman shoot Trayvon Marton?
How many counts?
Does anyone know why he did this?
Why was Michael Dunn convicted of attempted murder?
Why did Michael Dunn shoot into a car full of teenagers?
Why were the teenagers at the convenience store?
Was their a particular reason why they couldn't reach a verdict?
so was the defendant acquitted?
Why was Jordan Davis killed by Mr. Dunn?
Why could the jury not reach a verdict?
Why were the prosecutors seeking a first-degree murder charge?
What is the main contributor for this?
Why did he shoot this teenager?
what does far cry mean in this context?
Why are the two cases comparable?
what are the National Labor Relations Board?
Why do college athletes need a union?
which federal court building?
why is his college career over?
why so much money?
How much did the Olympics cost?
is that near the capital?
Why did it cost so much more than other Olympics?
How did Russia put on a spectacular showing at the Olympics?
Why is the Olympics in Pyeongchang South Korea?
Why was it surrealistic?
How was the history and culture surrealistic and visually stunning?
Why did they fear terrorist attacks?
Why was there no fear of terror attacks?
What joke did the Sochi organizers make?
what was the joke?
Why did they make a joke?
Why did the organizers use the ceremony to make a joke?
How was the joke charming?
what did the images show?
How were the images of the Copenhagen Zoo startling?
Why were the images so unsettling?
What were the images of?
what is a necropsy?
What happened to the 18-month-old giraffe?
Why would the zookeepers perform a necropsy with children and parents looking on?
Why was the examination public?
because of inbreeding?
Why was the giraffe unneeded for breeding purposes?
why did they do it publicly?
Why didn't Copenhagen Zoo take an offer for Marius from another zoo?
Why was the dismemberment done publicly?
why does this matter?
What are the protests targeting specifically?
Who were they? What is their connection to Venezuela?
What government actions are they protesting?
What are they protesting about?
Which other cities held rallies?
What are the other issues Nicolas Maduro is getting blamed for?
What other issues?
"Why is he, specifically, blamed?"
Which freedoms have been reduced?
What did the signs say?
What action do they want the international community to take?
will they intervene to help?
To take action how?
What actions should the international community take?
What is considered the international community?
what is it sold for?
How is the US trying to stop the ivory poachers?
Why was there a surge in illicit poaching?
How is the United States cracking down on the sale and purchase of ivory?
What is ivory?
How do they plan on stopping it?
where is that in africa?
Why did President Obama issue a call to action?
Is it all countries that they will be cracking down on?
These tactics will include what nations most specifically?
How will the U.S. strengthen global enforcement and international cooperation?
Why is the demand so high?
Why is there a record-high demand for wildlife products?
Why is demand going up?
how can they get a better result?
How do we know that is what they are waiting for?
Is it safe for the starfish to be pet?
What kind of prerequisites are there for petting a starfish?
what is ecological drama?
What type of ecological drama?
which disease?
What are the signs and what types of disease?
How were the signs noticed and by whom?
How is the disease spreading between starfish?
is it uncommon?
Is it lethal?
How do they loose their arms? Just from the twisting?
How painful is this to the starfish?
Would there be any advantages to Native Americans if a crude oil pipeline was built from Canada to the U.S. Gulf Coast?
Why does Faith Spotted Eagle doubt that Native Americans will ever get the U.S. government to block a pipeline project?
why cant they say no?
Why does capitalism need an underclass?
Why does Faith Spotted Eagle believe that Native Americans are an underclass?
Why would the pipeline be neutral on the global warming front?
How was this determined?
How did the State Department's study conclude that the Keystone XL pipeline would not contribute to global warming?
who is he?
How did the school become renowned for nurturing instrumentalists? 
Why were the boys placed at the school by family courts?
Why were the placed by family courts at Alpha Boys' school?
are they really that wild?
what genre is most popular?
What is a construction pit doing on the National Mall?
Who is Lonnie Bunch?
Why is it considered a construction pit?
What kind of museum will it be?
What kind of museum?
why is their promise now?
What is humbling?
Why is it humbling?
What is Bunch trying to make people believe?
Believe in what?
was he successful in creating belief?
What is the role of an African American?
was there no previous symbol?
How was this age determined?
Will the burial be in the same area as the recovery was?
why are they reburying?
WHERE IN MONTANA?
where were the remains found?
why was its genome sequenced?
Will it be a religious ceremony?
How were these found?
How can this be positively determined?
How long was this culture around?
what is the clovis culture?
HOW LONG WERE THEY AROUND FOR?
who were the Clovis?
how did they know that the remains were associated with the Clovis?
"Why is this dubbed as the \""so called\"" Anzick burial site?"
who named it that?
DO YOU MEAN THE BONES?
who are the Anzick?
how was it accidentally discovered?
What was found at this site before?
"Why were antler tools buried during a ceremony, is this common?"
Why do scientists believe this to be true?
THE BONES?
is it common to use red ochre in burial ceremonies in various cultures?
What methods did they use to determine the boys age?
Why is it considered to be complex?
DEFINE COMPLEX IN THIS INSTANCE? YOU COULD ARGUE THAT COMPLEX HUMAN COLONIZATION DIDN'T HAPPEN UNTIL THE COLONIES WHICH SETTLED WELL AFTER THIS CHILD DIED.
what information in particular did the findings shed light on?
how was the genome sequenced?
What did they find with the genome?
Why does this group need urgent attention?
Why was it a hot button topic to bring up race?
Why do black and Latino young men need urgent attention?
why is it called that?
What type of programs would these be?
How have the programs proved to help minority young men stay out of trouble?
Why do young men need to be succeed in school and land good jobs?
who was all there?
Why do issues facing boys and young men of color get caught up in long-running ideological arguments?
How is it known what works?
how would they be paralyzed?
How do arguments paralyze them?
what else must they do?
Why isn't regular moderate exercise enough as people age?
what is bad about sitting?
What are the negative effects of this?
Why is it important not to sit too much?
Who published the study?
how can it be avoided?
what kind of activity other than walking?
What health risks can they reduce?
What kind of weapons are they armed with?
Why was his military there?
Why are they surrounding the base?
Which world leaders?
What was Russia's reason for it's incursion?
How did they do this?
Why did the Russians take this over?
How did they do it without firing a shot?
how long has he been minster?
How long has he been Prime Minister?
Are the Ukrainians fighting back with their military?
What is causing them to be on the brink?
What makes them powerless?
Why have they been powerless?
Why is everyone powerless?
Which other countries?
what are insignia?
Can Ukraine declare war and fight back?
Why don't they have insignia?
Who are some of the acrobatics?
what is an antiathlete?
Why is it for an anti-athlete?
how does one prep for that?
is it fun for her?
which technique?
What is the brand-new technique?
How does this apply to the galaxy (and universe ) as a whole?
what is the new technique they are using? 
WHAT IS THE NEW TECHNIQUE?
How do we tell how far they are away from their star at such great distances?
can humans live here?
WHAT EVIDENCE DO WE HAVE TO SUPPORT THIS?
What exactly are we looking for in Earth 2.0?
would everyone living on this earth go to live on that earth when its found? 
WHAT HAPPENED TO DAMAGE THE SYSTEM?
what is a bottleneck?
How has this been accomplished?
is there life in this planets? 
WHAT WAS THE PROBLEM WITH SEEING THESE PLANETS BEFORE?
how many total?
what is a multi planet system?
WHY COULDN'T WE SEE THIS BEFORE?
is that the capital?
How were these invaders taken on?
exactly when was this?
which month?
have these forces broken any laws by doing so?
Which radio pioneers tried to emulate its success?
Why did other countries try to emulate the War of the Worlds storyline?
Why latin america specifically?
What does this imply about their diet?
do we not know the diseases?
Who were the authors?
How will researchers explore these implications?
How are scientists able to tell what they ate based on the ancient microorganisms?
how long was the study?
Why were scientists failing to see these sorts of clues in the past?
will it help a lot?
What “game”will this discovery change and how? 
Why is this particularly influential?
which thursday?
Why do new nutrition labels emphasize calorie information?
How do they know how people will really consume the food?
like diabetes?
Why are people obese?
What kind of chronic diseases?
What are the other chronic diseases?
What other chronic diseases will be addressed by the revision?
why is sugar added?
Why will the consumers make healthier choices?
Why does the administration want the food industry to reformulate high sugar products?
What are more healthy food choices?
What are some products?
How do they think they will be reformulated?
Why is Michelle Obama initiating a battle against childhood obesity?
What determines if food is good for you or not?
what kind of orderly patterns?
what limitations are those to a scientist?
How does that work?
what is Chinese woodblock printing?
What does this entail?
Solution of what?
what is a retro technique?
what kind of animals?
is the cell supposed to live on the wood block?
how does this thing print?
How would that work?
is it very complex?
are we talking about a standard office ink jet printer?
Did the techniques work?
Who are the study authors?
what type of suface?
what is the purpose of the design?
who is he?
Who is Javon Butts
Why was Javon Butts' routine working out well?
What type of routine are we discussing?
What was Javon Butts routine?
Who is Javon Butts?
where does he work?
How many days a week did he have class?
Why do classes not always finish up around noon?
How does Javon Butts get to work?
Where does Javon Butts work?
until he gets his degree?
What are the reasons his life isn't perfect?
Why is he attending Kennesaw State University?
Why was recent life far from percent?
How was recent life manageable?
What kind of car did he drive?
Why did his car's transmission fail?
Why did the transmission fail?
Where did he park the car when he slept in it for the night?
Why was the vehicle also his home?
Why is Javon Butts car his home?
Why was Tony Castillo skateboarding down Fairfax Avenue?
Why did Tony Castillo notice something new?
what did he notice?
How have his skateboarding skills progressed in that time?
What did he notice?
What did Tony Castillo notice?
Why was the bright red sign clasped to a streetlight pole?
what did the sign say?
"Is the name of this store based on the novel/movie \""Fight Club\""?"
What was on the sign?
What did the sign in front of the Flight Club say?
Why does the street sign have no apparent purpose?
what were the instructions then?
Was this non-instructional street sign a prank?
What did it offer instead of instructions?
Why does the sign have a rap lyrics displayed on it?
Why did Castillo blow past the spot reference on by the rap lyric on the sign?
Was this a local monument?
What is the rap lyric?
Why was the 25 year old sweeping in front of his store?
why was the 25 year old gravitating toward the sign again?
Why was Tony Castillo so attracted to this sign?
what is zircon?
What was the previous one?
who found the crystal?
How was it found?
How is that determined?
Did they look for more in that location?
how can they calculate this?
How is this determined?
What is the significance?
How long was Earth in that state?
How long did that take?
Why are these two words so terrible?
how deep are they?
What had seemed obsolete?
were they actual traitors?
Why were the Tatars accused by Stalin of being traitors?
Why did Stalin consider them traitors?
Where were the Tatar's deported to?
why is it impossible?
What is Jafer's relation to the story; does he have a personal experience in relation to the piece?
Which law enforcement official?
when was this jet last seen?
are they not sure?
Who is he?
Why is it unclear whether the infant is a US citizen?
how did they disappear with a baby?
what does entree mean here?
how much do they know about the jet to start the investigation?
WILL IT BE FIGURED OUT?\n
What did happen?
why is is a mystery?
Why is any plane crash investigated as possible terrorism?
how would it be terrorism is the plane has not been found?
How did the researchers come to this conclusion?
What is the average amount of water a person flushes?
What types of food were being asked about?
Who is the researcher?
why do they underestimate?
Why do people underestimate water use?
How do people underestimate water?
Which survey method did the researchers use to get their findings?
what is a southern right whale?
Which satellite was doing the research?
Why are the right whales easy to spot from space?
why are they easy to spot?
Why are they so easily spotted?
Why are they easily spotted?
why were they right to hunt?
just sitting there?
Why do these whales laze about?
are they changing businesses?
Whats Americas number 2 best selling doll?
What is the controversy with Barbie and the Girl Scouts?
which year?
What makes Barbie a flawed role model?
Why is Barbie a flawed role model?
"What, exactly, makes her flawed?"
did they explain why?
What was the criticism specifically?
Whats the specific date?
Why was Mattel criticized for Barbie being in the annual swimsuit issue?
How widespread was the criticism?
should they be accepting sponsorships?
Why do the Girl scouts have any influence over the toy company Mattel?
What led to attaining the patch?
why is mexico city talking about los angeles?
Who was the first?
What is the trade mission about?
what is on the stump?
What are their roots specifically?
Who is the local electric utility?
of which year?
funny in an ironic way?
How does a layer of snow make it safe for the dogs?
Which major record companies?
How would these competitors be able to keep up with Apple in this case?
Why is Apple pressuring companies?
Why have download sales dropped so drastically?
how long should the period be?
Why is Apple scrambling?
What other sorts of tactics will these companies be trying?
is he important in the streaming industry?
Who is Christina Aguilera?
who gets the other 20 percent?
why are there wood shavings?
"Are alpacas very common, or native to Oregon?"
"What makes alpacas appear to look at obsevers with \""innocent eyes\""?"
Why are wood shavings used?
What have the alpaca gone through?
what have they gone through?
What have the alpacas gone through?
What have alpacas had to go through?
How does one know that observers are sympathetic to alpacas' struggles?
What has taken place?
Why were the alpaca starving to death?
why were they starving?
What was leading to their starvation?
Why do 15 need special care?
What is the condition of those that need special care and what happened to them?
What evidence to caretakers have that indicate to them which alpacas are well enough to be in outdoor pens?
What type of special care do these 15 alpacas need?
who are they?
Which organization do Bond and Glover work for?
What interest do Shari Bond and Jackie Glover have in rehoming the emaciated alpacas?\n
How did the Polk County Sherriff's Office know to seize the emaciated alpacas?
is that not the reality though?
Who makes the E-cigarettes?
How are e-cigarettes safer than tobacco?
of which year?
Whats the date on this specific Tuesday?
Why did Los Angeles officials ban e-cigarettes?
Which cities?
Why did the city classify them as the same?
Why was the debate so personal?
Who are these critics?
What evidence do they have?
is that not the proper term?
Why is acceptance growing?
What happened to the Malaysian jetliner that has been missing more than a week?
What Malaysian jetliner missing for more than a week?
Who is Malaysia's leader?
it was on purpose?
Why does P.M. Razak feel the missing jetliner was not accidental?
What mounting speculation?
what was underlined exactly?
What makes it complicated?
What investigation?
is it the final phase?
What new phase has the search for MH370 entered into?
What search for MH370?
What are the possibilities?
What was the original flight path?
What authorities could not confirm it was a hijacking?
why should we pity?
Why should male common Mormon swallowtail butterflies be shown pity?
Why does one of the color patterns look familiar?
What are the other species?
butterflies can be toxic?
How do the patterns look like other species?
Why are the other species toxic?
How did predators learn not to dine on the toxic butterfly?
why is it in quotes?
Why is the female considered masculine-colored?
who is he?
what language is his native tongue?
"is this the \""he\"" that was mentioned in the previous sentence?"
definition of this word?
why doesn't he get a new heating source?
why is he living so badly?
Why is the electricity faulty?
why doesn't he move into a new house?
what are code talkers?
how many total Navajo veterans are there?
why do they live in such ruined homes?
which cancer?
Who was the teenager?
What kind of cancer did the teenager survive?
How did the teenager survive a rare cancer?
who is the teenager?
what was the flaw?
Who wanted to study it?
How do scientists know that a gene flaw might play a role in how the tumor strikes?
Why was the gene so unusual?
what type of cancer are we talking about?
DOES SHE HAVE A DEGREE?
Why is the journal Science prestigious?
What is the mysterious disease?
Why is the disease mysterious?
How is the high school industrious?
Which form of cancer is being discussed?
who are we talking about?
How is Elana Simon going to study the rare form of liver cancer?
Why does the rare form of liver cancer mostly hit adolescents and young adults?
what is the name of this cancer?
What repercussions will the country face for this action?
Why was the referendum criticized?
Why was the referendum so contentious?
Which other dignitaries?
What prompted these treaties?
Why would the people want to rejoin Russia?
Why was authority transferred?
are those real?
What were the people protesting?
Is there proof that Russophobia and anti-Semitism are common in Ukraine?
definition of this word?
What kind of relics is Kim Scott looking for?
What beach and how long has it been buried?
what is the tarry muck
what sort of relics? are they valuable?
What prehistoric swag have been burped up?
is this still safe?
those are famous right?
Where is this at?
what money could be made form the fossil haven?
what is a sand dollar?
who is he?
how did she get it?
How did she come upon this drug?
Is this the normal age people try Meth?
What kind of legal trouble?
How severe is the legal trouble at the age of 13?
Who is she?
what does her grandmother say?
How did these tactics work?
How would she use her charm?
How did they build a new trust?
Whats the date of this day?
Why did it take decades?
Who were the two dozen veterans who received the Medal of Honor?
Why did the veterans receive the Medal of Honor?
how long overdue?
Why was this long overdue?
what is the bill called?
Why did he use a machine gun?
where is that?
Why were these patches here?
WHERE IN INDIA IS THIS?
leprosy still exists?
HOW DID HE GET LEPROSY?
WHY WAS IT A NIGHTMARE TO HIM?
WHAT DOES THIS GUY HAVING LEPROSY HAVE TO DO WITH HIS SISTER GETTING MARRIED?
DID HE NOT GET TREATMENT FOR THE DISEASE? WHEN IS THE TIME PERIOD OF THIS ARTICLE?
"Does the formula pick winners of individual games, the entire tournament, or both?"
What was the formula to pick winners in the basketball tournament?
What is the formula or what kind of formula?
what is strength of schedule?
How does the schedule provide strength to the formula’s accuracy?
How was strength of schedule used in this manner?
why was he so stunned?
Why were Chartier and his class doing this research? 
Did the students adjust or improve the formula to replicate their success?
Which students were they or how many students?
it wasnt important?
Why does this sentence imply this achievement is not quaint 
Why was the work so surprising?
Which tournament? 
Why does bittersweet dark chocolate improve cardiovascular health?
What is the precise reason?
Why are they indigestible?
how were they modified exactly?
Why use fecal bacteria?
is it not actually ingested?
What are polyphenolic polymers?
Why do they remain?
how large are they exactly?
What purpose do the molecules serve?
is there a compromise?
why is this only in Pittsburgh? Do parents in other places feel like this too?
Are the complaints from the children or from the parents?
what are his credemtials?
what are his statistics to support this and what is the difference between the too much and too little groups?
Why do the parents who complain about too much homework get most of the attention?
why do the complaints of too much homework get more attention?
Who is he?
Is this about the children or the parents complaining about the amount of homework?
from what perspecitve?
what is the proper perspective?
Who is he?
What homework horror stories?
What very personal discontents?
suspended from preschool?
More likely than whom?
Why are black students more likely to be suspended?
Why would preschoolers be suspended from school?
What is the name of the report by the Education Department?
Why does the Education Department have a civil rights arm?
why does it occur?
how long are the suspensions?
what are they suspended for?
For what would a preschool child be suspended?
Why are Syian refugees making themselves a home near the Lebanon border?
Why are there classes four hours a day?
Do the residents of the tent also work as educators?
is it empty?
Why are there no benches and no blackboard?
Are the children taught verbally?
is there anything?
Why are there no textbooks and notebooks?
How can textbooks and notebooks be?
What is taught in the class?
How are the children supposed to study with nothing to write on?
"Why do the refugee women teach their children how to read, write, count, draw, sing songs and recite poems?"
How long have these refugees been providing this education service?
what is the conflict about?
How is Anas lucky?
Why is Syria in a long conflict?
What would end the conflict?
What never-seen-before details of our galaxy does the portrait show?
Why did scientists stitch together a 360-degree portrait of the Milky Way?
Which scientists are on the team?
What kinds of never before seen details?
how are they combined?
How are infrared images collected?
How was the Spitzer Space Telescope orbiting?
What is this telescope? Why can it catch such great images?
what is a bow shock?
What is a stellar nursery?
What is a proto star?
What are bow shocks?
Why are scientists looking at the sky?
What is a proto star?
Why can't all those things be seen in visible light?
How is the Milky Way's content and structure revealing?
What are the new revelations?
who worked on it?
How are the other scientists involved with the research?
"What is \""The Mystery of Oblong Blobs\""?"
what does this mean?
Who is Oblong Blobs?
How do pigment granules last so long without decomposing?
How recent was this technological breakthrough created?
How long do these granules last before decaying?
What is the different explanation a Drexel University graduate offered? 
what is his explanation?
What is the explanation?
Why has the explanation caused distress?
why are they cigar shaped?
Why is it difficult to tell the difference between a particle and an impression?
How can the impressions be confirmed to be either bacteria or preserved dinosaur flesh?
What attributes would researchers need to further hone in on to determine what the microbodies are?
is that a big stadium?
Who is the young man and his mentor?
Are they practicing at night?
Why is this a good place to train?
sweeps a cape and doesnt wear it?
Is this a normal bullfighting technique?
it means standing on his toes?
Where is the cape pointed at this point?
Why is foot positioning so important?
Has the bull always been imaginary or have they been practicing without the bull?
a wreath of flowers?
Why would World War I still echo in conflicts 100 years later?
Where is Flanders Field?
tuesday of which year?
Which European Union leaders?
What is the summit discussing?
what is that building?
What is the new threat on Europe's doorstep?
What is threatening Europe?
What is that threat?
where is he now?
"Why is he harvesting spring herring, is that his job?"
Is he homeless or just visiting a friend?
why does it matter what they were watching?
where are they both? is his friend at his house or vice versa?
What is this? Some kind of oil tank?
how long did it take to end?
what was the nightmare?
What went wrong?
what do the others choose?
Why would some girls choose soccer over cheerleading?
Why do girls choose soccer or cheerleading?
Why did Ivy Wolk choose roller derby?
Why did Ivy Wolk choose the roller derby?
injuries become trophies?
"Why are split lips, black eyes, rink rash and bruises considered trophies there?"
Why did Ivy Wolk's mother alert her daughter's pediatrician?
Why did the mother feel obligated to alert her daughter's pediatrician about her daughter playing the sport?
why does she think shes crazy?
Why does she pick herself up and get back out there?
Why did her mother feel negatively about herself and her daughter's choice of sport?
Why is the view breathtaking?
what can be seen?
Where is the basement laboratory?
What one? 
How tiny are the windows?
What kind of smartphone?
the view is on the smartphone?
What is on the smartphone Prof. Stergios Roumeliotis is using?
Where is the hallway?
What is the map of?
Why does it display what it does?
Which direction was the movement?
just moving around randomly?
how does it get there?
Where did the garbage come from?
When did the flight go missing and what are the circumstances around its going missing?
Which ocean are the search and rescue teams searching for Flight 370?
why are they suspicious?
Where they on the ocean floor or floating on top? What made them suspicious?
What were the suspicious items?
What were the suspicious items speculated to be?
Was the search focused somewhere else before it focused on the south Indian Ocean?
What were the suspicious items spotted by planes?
Where was the examination done?
which year was this?
What is HMS Success and Haxium 01 - agencies or types of rescue boats?
What were the objects?
Who are the critics?
Why do critics call it the guns everywhere bill?
is that a good idea?
How long does this take?
Why did they make this decision?
Why are guns needed in these places?
Who is the governor in Georgia?
Why do people want guns in those places?
What kind of attention?
Why did they say that?
where did they go?
WHY IS THERE RURAL POVERTY SO RAMPANT?
Who is Rose Will Monroe? 
Who was Rose Will Monroe?
is ypsilanti a BIG CITY?
WHY WAS THIS HER GOAL FOR EMPLOYMENT?
Did she want to be a pilot?
why is it in quotes?
WHERE ELSE DID THE LADIES IN THE WORKFORCE GO?
Why did so many women enter the workforce during World War II?
IS THIS THE STORY OF THE REAL ROSIE THE RIVETER?
How would she represent them all?
How did Monroe represent all the American women?
What is so unusual about the rib bones?
What clues do the rib bones give about the wooly mammoth extinction?
What caused the wooly mammoth to become extinct?
Why are the bones unusual?
"How these rib bones unusual, in relation to what?"
What makes the bones unusual?
Do scientists know what caused the extinction?
How was this time frame determined?
Why were the cervical rib bones 10 times more common in the late Pleistocene?
"How closely are elephants related to mammoths, as a point of comparison? "
Is this a rare event for todays elephants?
How are these problems fatal?
Why do cervical ribs appear in animals that failed to develop normally in pregnancy?
"Why didn't they develop normally, is it known?"
What are some of the other problems?
what do they die of?
Why is the percentage of death so high in humans with a cervical rib?
Why do they die?
what part of the netherlands is that in?
What peaked their interest?
How many fossils were found?
Lowered to the ground where? In a zoo? At the beach? Why are they lowering a panther?
Why was the Florida panther in a crate?
Why was a panther in Florida?
Why was a panther being lowered to the ground in a crate?
How did the panther's mother die?
why did it take nine months?
Could the panther have had pneumonia prior to being released?
How did the panther contract pneumonia? How did they even find this out?
How did it get pneumonia?
why is it common?
Why is this a common occurrence? 
Why is this fate so common?
Why is it common for male panthers to get pneumonia?
Why is it a common fate?
how many per year?
Why not more panthers? Is this a lot?
who is guilty?
Why would a Peking duck dinner inspire a twinge of guilt?
is there a gym nearby?
What is the Chinese capital?
What kind of menus?
Why are the Da Dong menus heftier?
why is it such a big menu?
What is an Atlas?
How big is the National Geographic global Atlas?
what are her credentials?
What is the name of the digital newspaper?
What is the digital newspaper called?
What is the name of the newspaper?
What is new media?
"What does \""new media\"" mean to Sanchez?"
What is a journalist on the run?
"What does \""journalist on the run\"" mean to Sanchez?"
Why would this increase in prestige lead to being more likely to be bullied?
bullies have good social skills?
How are those doing the bullying reporting their own misfortunes at home?
What social skills do the aggressors possess?
Why was Irene Granados trying to reach the United States?
How was Irene Granados not safe?
Who is Irene Granados?
Which desert?
What happened to the two brothers that they were trying to reach safety?
where is that river?
which countries?
What country is gang violence spreading?
Which Central American countries?
when did the surge begin?
Who were the executives at BBC America?
Why was he skeptical about such a long-running series?
is that a made up term?
Why had they never heard of Doctor Who?
4
what was the second most?
When did the end-Permian extinction occur?
WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN?
"Why did it continue for 20,000 years?"
WHY DID IT LAST SO LONG? 
HOW DID WE RECOVER FORM THIS?
why is it a revolution?
Why is this a revolution in experiencing music?
How is it a revolution in experiencing music?
how can they record without sound?
Sound of what?
Why is it not capturing any of its sounds?
How can you record music without any sound?
why is it in quotes?
Why is there a sensor-equipped piano recording data of his performance?
Why does playing a piano generate a thousand of data points?
he teaches accordions?
What exactly is a sausage spot?
What is the Atwater Village neighborhood like?
what does hodgepodge mean?
what is this word?
What are Norteño stars?
What does the printout look like? 
Is this his accordion?
What is his appearance like?
Who is she and what type of session was she having?
what does it look like?
During what years was Ma Wenfeng a boy?
How much can wheat and corn farmers earn in Beijing?
How did his income compare to other people in their community?
but he ended up becoming one?
Why was this so far from his mind?
Why did he become a farmer?
What did he dream of doing?
Who is he?
farmers are called this word?
What are some of the countries in which he would like to start a farm?
Where does he want to start a farm?
Why is the land inefficient?
What is retirement age in China?
"If the plots of land are tiny and inefficient, why do farmers continue to till them long past retirement age?"
Why are they farming so late in life?
Why are they looking at these countries?
what was their response?
Who is Ladon Brumfield?
Who is Ladon Brumfield?
from not brushing?
why were they silent?
What is the name of the project?
What is the project empowering young girls?
does it conflict?
Answer to what?
Did Ladon Brumfield ask the question again?
What is the non-profit Girls Rule?
What cargo does Peter Rork fly?
When did Peter Rork retire?
What kind of plane is a Cessna?
What is the precious cargo?
why were there no big dogs?
Why did Peter Rork fly dogs from Arizona to Idaho?
What kind of flight is it?
What type of small dogs?
What kind of shelter?
Where in Arizona did Peter Rork fly from?
What type of sled?
What goodies does Peter Rork have in the back of his plane?
What kind of goodies?
Where in the back of the plane?
how does the problem arise?
What defines overabundance?
Which specific breeds?
Why overabundance of a a certain breed  a problem?
What are some examples of the villages?
What kinds of speech create ethnic divisions?
what are those?
How do these courts work?
is rwanda not a country anymore?
why were they slaughtered?
What is Hutu?
What are Tutsis'?
How has this progress taken place?
why did she have to leave?
Why was the 12-year old going away?
Who is the 12-year-old girl?
Why did she have to leave her younger brother?
Why did they want her to stay?
What is a no-go zone?
How was the nuclear plant destroyed?
"What is the \""no-go zone\""?"
In what city is Japan's destroyed nuclear plant?\n\n\n\n
What other things is this family considering?
Why was the plant destroyed?
is there mountains?
How many young people will the mayor of Matsumoto be able to take in an educate?
How far from the Dai-Chi nuclear plant does one have to live to escape its shadow?
Why is mistrust of the authorities high?
What research has been done proving that children are not in danger from exposure to low-dose radiation?
"What represents \""clear\"" danger?"
Why do Japanese citizens mistrust authorities?
Why is there such mistrust?
how many declined?
why hasnt she eaten?
Why has Parrish Jackson barely touched her lunch?
Why has Parrish barely touched her food at lunch?
Who is Parris Jackson
Why were the turkey burger and apricots not eaten?
whys she dumping the food?
Why is Parrish Jackson throwing her lunch into the trash?
Why is she dumping her lunch in the trash?
Why is she throwing her lunch away?
Why does not the school practice food composting?
is she spoiled?
Why are they sour?
Why are the apricots sour?
How is the meat nasty?
"Why is the meat \""nasty\""?"
Why does not Los Angeles Unified school system re-evaluate their school meals?
Who's fault was it?
Then who was it?
how did they escape? 
How did the animals escape?
How long had they been enclosed there?
are they smart?
How were they clever?
how did they show they were clever?
How many employees?
How did they manage the round up?
how smart are they?
how are they smart? 
Are they as smart as a human?
what was at the top?
How does a chimp persuade?
how did they call him? 
How did he persuade them?
what was it then?
What gift would make Nick Stepka's daughter's 3rd birthday a hit?
Why would the gift make his daughter's birthday party a hit?
How did Nick Stepka know the gift would make the birthday party a hit?
what company makes those?
What brand of tablet?
How is the tablet specifically designed for little ones?
How is the marketing for the tablet different from other tablets?
can it be taken off?
Why was the tablet loaded with applications and games?
Why did her eyes light up when she opened it?
How was everything else put aside?
Which two Jewish community centers?
How many people were killed?
how will they do that?
What types of assistance would be provided?
what was the connection?
What was President Obama's connection with two of the victims?
How did he have a connection to them?
What is the connection?
What alternatives to violence are the officials teaching students?
"What is considered \""bloodshed\"""
why cant they get funding?
Why can't school staff be properly trained?
What were the school safety programs?
Why hasn't the problem been solved in 15 years?
is that what the data said?
it was very comprehensive then?
What do these programs entail?
Which president was in office at the time?
Whose conference was he covering?
Who allowed Harry to cover the presidential news conference?
does he know him?
How long have other African American publishers been trying to be invited to these news conferences?
Why were they still denying African-Americans access?
Who is the White House Correspondents' association?
would anything deter them?
is that the capital?
Why was the family outside of the balcony?
Why was there a nightly duty of government helicopters?
Why are there daily helicopter flights
Whose family members stood on a balcony?
For what country's government is the helicopter pilot from?
what does scratchy mean here?
Why does the family have a walkie-talkie connected to the rebels?
What are they rebelling about?
What area were the rebels spread about?
Why are they dropping bombs?
Which towns had the barrel bombs dropped on them?
Why were the bombs dropped?
how did they know that?
Were they carrying all four and did they drop the other two?
Who knew about the helicopters carrying bombs?
Why doesn’t the family seek shelter in a bunker?
How much protection do these bunkers give?
who is this guy?
How did his fellow traveler die?
Why does he want to undertake such a dangerous mission?
Who is the British man trying to walk the length of the Nile River?
Why is a man walking the length of the Nile River?
which countries?
Which six countries?
Which six countries will the British man be passing though?
Why are they fighting?
why did it take so long to plan?
What goes into the planning?
Why did it take three years to plan?
9
what is pysansky?
is Kap from Ukraine? how do they know how to decorate the eggs?
What kinds of methods? 
are they sentimental?
What are they?
what does it mean to her?
What kind of oppression?
what hardships and oppression?
How do these eggs demonstrate triumph? What was the hardship?
what is a pinger locator?
What is a towed pinger locator?
How long was the flight missing?
Why are people looking for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370?
What is a towed pinger locator?
Why are they about to call of searches?
who is piloting it?
What area is the robotic submarine searching?
What is this yellow robotic submarine called?
Why is it all up to a little yellow robotic submarine?
How many passengers were aboard the plane?
Why would sonar arrays be used?
Why would there be wreckage?
is that in west australia?
What are the chances of finding the missing plane underwater?
How much does this robot sub cost?
Why does mapping the area take so long?
Why does the U.S. Navy have the Bluefin-21?
Which fictional story are the students discussing?
how long has he been teaching?
Are the different grade levels all being taught together?
Why doesn't she put much emphasis on grades?
do other teachers think the same way?
Isn't this what notes on report cards and parent teacher meetings are for?
how can it be quantified then?
did they get concussions?
how much is the compensation?
Who are the former NHL players who are fighting for head injury compensation?
What team/teams are these players from?
Who are the players that are making up the group?
What teams/teams did these individuals play for?
"Where exactly (county, state, country, etc.) will this lawsuit take place?"
"What is considered \""glorified violence\""?"
Is this attorney a typical athlete/retired athlete representative?
who glorifies it?
how can they be monitored?
How much would the medical monitoring cost the NFL?
Who are the former football players who sued the NFL?
How much in monetary damages are the hockey players suing for?
What kind of monitoring?
What exactly did they sue for?
how many security workers?
were there lots of foreigners?
was it recorded?
Why did the terrorists do this?
who is he?
Who is Arthur Blank?
is it luxurious?
"Why does he love \""this one\""?"
"How long ago was it given to him, and how does he maintain self sanitation with it always on?"
Who gave Arthur Blank the scarf?
is he joking?
He may or may not sleep with it on depending on what factors?
What is the name of the city's new retractable roof stadium?
but she did it now?
Where does Jennifer work?
What did Jennifer Kavanaugh dream of during these 13 years?
did she report it?
How were they physically punished?
How do the rules concerning physical discipline differ in St. Louis compared to Kavanaugh's previous school?
What sort of behavior led to these punishments?
how does she know this?
Does she have a plan of action?
How do these physical punishments affect the growing students?
Why does she feel so strongly?
Does physical punishment actually cause more negative behavior from the students being disciplined?
IN WHAT WAY?
is it racist?
Why was Doris Pilkington Garimara uprooted from her home?
What does half-caste mean?
Why was she sent to this camp?
what did she grow up to be?
Why were the stolen generations reared in desolate settlements?
Why did they take their homes away from them?
What led to this type of legislation?
did it work?
What was the rationale for these types of beliefs?
what did they come for?
What did they come for if it wasn't the movies?
"If they were gathering at a cinema, what were they waiting for if not movies?"
What happened?
why does it have to close?
Why was this regulation put in place?
Why would the government want this?
are these private guards or government people?
How long have these regulations been on the books?
Does this place have separation of church and state?
Who were the lawmakers who wrote the legislation?
was the lawmaker voted into office or appointed?
Which astronomers?
How far from Earth is this Earth-size planet?
What are the other conditions
Where is this planet
what is a protective atmosphere?
How can experts find out out if the planet actually has water ?
How can they determine if it does?
is the information incomplete?
How long will it take to find out if the possible planets will support life?
is he a top astronomer?
how was the data collected?
what is the seti institute?
What discoveries should come next
In what year was this planet found?
what will they suspect?
Who is the voice that answers the number?
Who won't suspect anything?
What would they suspect of?
What is the number?
how old is he really?
What gadget has never failed?
Who is the college senior?
What experience does the college senior have?
What kind of gadget?
What kind of experience and how much?
Is he speaking English or an Indian language?
Who does he text?
How many minutes later?
Which of India's tests is being cheated on?
What kind of tests?
What are the country's most coveted colleges?
How did a teenage get over a fence and into a plane’s wheel well at an international airport?
What teenager's weekend scramble?
how often does it happen?
Why do only some sections of fence have barbed wire? 
Why is only some of the tarmac area monitored by cameras? 
What is the perimeter breach?
what are they talking about?
Who were the gladiators?
What were the machines?
What are the machines like?
why are they doing this?
Why were they wearing this wrap?
What does the wrap look like?
was it really called that?
Why was wheelchair rugby called murderball?
Why is the competition so cutthroat?
Who are the six guys who make up this team?
is that the capital?
Why where dozens of Sherpa on Mount Everest?
How common are avalanches and how frequently do they kill this many people?
What kind of compensation are they seeking and how does it compare to what they are receiving now?
Why was the entire climbing season in doubt?
Which top tourism officials?
Are the sherpas paid by the government?
How large of an industry is climbing tourism?
Who are the top tourism officials who are flying to base camp?
How can Nepal's government help the Sherpa?
Why were hooligans responsible for the walkout?
What justification does this official have for this statement?
How are things normalizing?
How could an avalanche be compared to hooligans creating problems?
will it recover?
Why was it unclear how many of the 400 Sherpas on the mountain joined the walkout?
How can the lucrative climbing season be saved?
Who are the expedition companies who canceled their climbs?
Who is South Korea's foreign minister?
Who is the ministry spokesman?
What is the U.S.-North Korea nuclear accord?
What was part of this accord?
What is the nuclear accord means?
What will they discuss
What will these discussions mainly focus on in regards to these nuclear treaties?
What is cooperation over the nuclear accord?
What town?
How is it hopeful that people showed up at a hospital?
Why were the sick and wounded being evacuated from this town?
Who besieged the eastern town?
How did they smash the expectations?
Why did Serbs dashed expectations of Sarajevans to travel outside?
Why would this route be opened if there was another one already operational?
Why did Serbs refused to open the route to civilians and Bosnian charities?
Why would it mean little improvement for the capital's residents?
What kind of cargo is it that made them want it?
What sorts of unsportsmanlike behavior?
What is that?
What did he do to get the final warning?
What is this term?
Who are these people?
What constitutes overt aggression in cricket?
Why did this incur him the fee?
Who is Hosni Mubarak
What is PLO
what does PLO stand for?
What would the peace talks entail?
Why have they been fighting?
Why Jordan's King is in the summit
Where is Ben-Gurion Airport
"Someone with what type of skills, experience or influence?"
Why was the PLO doing so little?
What does the PLO think of this?
Who is Peres
Who is Mubarak
What support was he supposed to receive?
Why was there a lack of support?
What issue did Constantine want the support for?
Why a motion of no confidence?
What was he arguing for with the state delegates?
of which year?
What are the alleged improprieties?
What sort of improper behavior was taking place?
Are there more details on these alleged improprieties?
what did he do wrong?
How were players being transferred illegally?
What are some of the main details in the Stewart Report?
What accusations are being made against Thomson?
how long had he been coach?
How did the budget deficit occur? Why is there a budget deficit?
what date?
What is his plan to improve Italy's economy?
of what day?
What is a confidence vote?
Why would they refrain?
Why are the conservatives refusing to vote?
What does the conservative bloc prioritize?
What types of media does Silvio Berlusconi produce?
What is the governmental structure in Italy's parliament?
Why is he angry? 
Why does Berlusconi want Dini to say when he'll resign?
Why would someone promise a temporary government?
"How long does \""time necessary for key measures\"" mean? Is there an estimate?"
How will these key measures be defined?
Why was Premier Lamberto Dini seeking confirmation?
Why is the deficit so high?
How did he ask for support?
What position is he being confirmed to?
What is his plan?
Why was there a need for a formal declaration?
How are the formal declarations made?
Why was Silvio Berlusconi refraining from voting?
Why did they abstain?
What is the structure of Italy's parliament?
Why was Berlusconi promise to back the treasury minister?
Why is he angered?
Why does Berlusconi demand that Dini be specific about his planned resignation date?
Why does Italy have a huge deficit?
Where would the spending cuts take place?
Which measures are key?
Why was he in the rehab clinic?
Where was the clinic?
What were the injuries?
When exactly will he be back?
What kind of addiction was this?
Who are the Tamil rebels?
Why is the socialist government unlikely to deliver it's pledge?
Why is Sri Lanka's new socialist government unlikely to deliver on its pledge?
Why will it fail to cut defense spending?
Why would it have to translate it's economic promises?
Which policies?
Which economic promises are vague?
What sort of promises were made in the runup to the election?
How unlikely is it that the Peoples's Alliance will comply with its promises?
How did Chandrika Kumaratunga become president?
What was President Chandrika Kumaratunga's election promises?
Why was Paul Merson in a rehabilitation clinic?
Why did it take 17 days for Paul Merson to be cleared to play?
Why was he lobbying so hard for Merson's participation?
How did the Football Association make this decision?
his quality in what way?
What about his mind makes him an exceptional player?
What sort of quality did Merson provide?
"How does \""thought\"" relate to playing football?"
which year is it?
Why is Merson no longer an England striker?
Why hasn't Merson played since Oct. 26?
In what ways was Merson different?
Why was Merson in an addiction clinic?
What sport does this club belong to?
How many positions are there?
What are his accomplishments?
Why did rival teams bid so fiercely for him?
What are some of his top highlight moments of the season?
Why do they want the rights ended?
What is this process?
What sort of scrutiny was being performed?
What is this progress that prompted the United States to urge an end to U.N. scrutiny?
What was the mission and why should it end?
What recommendation?
What mission?
Why should the mission stop?
What event triggered this recommendation to end the mission?
Who are these nations?
How long had Felber's mission lasted for him to come to this conclusion?
What are these tactics?
Why does this admission sound like the opposite of the improved progress mentioned in the beginning?
What are these territories?
How much experience does Felber have in mediating international peace?
Why is it still left there?
Who buried a bomb on the property?
Who is this veteran?
What is his name?
Why is the estate a tourist attraction?
Why hasn't the bomb been discovered after so many years?
How could it not have detonated?
Why did the bomb not detonate?
How big of a bomb was it?
Why did Heym and his unit bury the bomb?
Could the bomb have been moved or disposed of without his knowledge?
Why is he only bringing this up now? 
Where was this combat zone?
Why is this group famous?
Where is their old combat zone located?
Why is there a 10-day visit to old combat zone for veterans?
Why were the Marauders the only American unit to fight on the Asian Mainland?
Why were they the only American unit fighting on the Asian mainland?
Why were so many casualties experienced by this group?
Which battles are considered the five major battles that the Marauders took part in?
"Were all 2,830 men volunteers?"
What were their impressions of their old battlefields?
Why did they expect to find the city flat even though the war ended 70 years ago?
In which city did this happen?
How did the grenade get on the bus?
How was this person killed?
Where did the grenade come from?
What city did this happen in?
Is Burundi a country?
Why was this unclear?
Were their any witnesses?
What is Tutsi's agenda?
Why do they want the Prime Minister to resign?
Why did they press for this?
What is the population of that city?
Why didn't commerce shut down?
How many people?
Why did they stay away from work?
How did the strike fail to shut it all down?
What organisation or position did Tutsis hold?
Why did Minani resign his post if he claims he did not incite?
Who exactly is the opposition?
Why do they want him to resign?
Did he in fact support the former speaker?
Who are the major contenders?
How long has this been going on?
Why a neighborhood in this specific area?
What are the provisions of the accord?
What is this accord? who does it involve?
What will happen to the future talks next year?
What factors caused the go-ahead of the new neighborhood?
Confidence in what?
"How many are there in total, beyond the new ones?"
What led to the lower-than-expected expansion?
How much does manufacturing typically expand in a month?
What type of manufacturing is being looked at specifically?
How credible it this survey?
How is this index calculated?
"Where was this index 18 months ago, before the growth period began?"
What does the index take into account to determine growth?
What constitutes an expansion of activity?
What was causing the inflationary trend?
Is this compared to prices for the same raw materials in the previous month?
What is the percent increase on the raw material prices? 
Why is a 2 percent increase such a worry?
How would bringing in foreign workers speed this process up?
Why does the Prime Minister want to replace Palestinian laborers?
Why does he want separation between Israelis and Palestinians?
Why must the country reduce dependence on Palestinians?
Why are Thai people preferred?
Why are Palestinians considered to be knife-wielders?
Who is the PLO?
Why was the process having trouble moving forward?
Why is the Mideast peace process currently considered to be sputtering?
What were the expectations of the Israel-PLO autonomy accord?
Why would they demand this and how are they allowed to strike based on this?
Why did they decide to arrest any tax official refusing to discount their income taxes?
Why are they criticised?
Does this tax discount happen in other nations?
What was their evidence for being allowed to take such a discount?
Why do judicial officials have an immediate 50 percent discount on their income taxes?
Why did the Finance Ministry refused to accept the judicial officials claim on their income taxes discount?
Who are they seeking vindication from?
Why would they seek vindication in court?
Are the tax officials to blame for such a claim?
How would such an order have held up in court?
Should they have any relation at all?
Why were the towns empty?
Why is the river rising?
What makes it the worst flooding?
Who was the person?
Who are they?
Where were the others killed?
what date?
How badly battered was it?
Were these drownings?
Where were they going?
How will this reinforcement be completed?
How did they reinforce them?
How were the dikes reinforced?
How  many villages?
How were the livestock able to be transported?
Where were these residents fleeing?
Where did they go?
What kind of livestock?
What sort of economic results would be felt?
How long has the talks gone on?
in which year?
what are his credentials?
How long does talk agreements in Europe usually last?
is it likely to take longer?
Why were the countries looking to join the EU?
Are there standard requirements to be allowed into the EU?
What advantages would membership allow them?
What was the reason for carrying out this attack?
Why can't they be cleared?
Who is the lawmaker?
Did the two Libyans survive the bombing? How did the bombing take place?
Who are these extremist groups?
Why were Palestinians thought to be involved at the early stages?
Why were they implicated?
How have they asked them to apologize (on social media? on air)?
Why did the radio station ask listeners to do this?
Why did the radio station think this was appropriate?
Was it management or the DJ who decided to add this to their programming?
When were they contacted by the civil rights group?
What specifically did he ask them to call in with?
"Again, why would Terry T. suggest this?"
Where is Wausau located?
What was Terry T.'s defense?
How will more workers be brought in?
Why are Israelis and Palenstinians being separated?
Why would Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin want to separate the Israelis and Palestinians?
What country is Yitzhak Rabin the prime minister of?
Why are Palestinian laborers being replaced?
Why are Israelis and Palestinians being separated by the government?
Why does Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin wants to bring in foreign workers to replace Palestinian laborers?
How will bringing in more foreign worker to replace Palestinian laborer speed up the process of separation between Israelis and Palestinians?
Why did Rabin call the workers this?
Why is the Prime Minister so determined to separate the two?
Why does Rabin call Palestinians 'knife-wielders'?
Why does Rabin think it's necessary to separate Israelis and Palestinians?
Why does Rabin prefer more Thais and other foreign workers?
What is the Mideast peace process?
Why did he speak a day before this?
What was the Mideast peace process?
What effect will these remarks have on the summit on the Mideast peace process in Cairo?
What does PLO stand for?
"What did Rabin spoke about to the Egyptian, Jordanian and PLO leaders in Cairo?"
Why did extremists kill Israelis?
What was the Israel-PLO autonomy accord about?
Why does terrorism persist in this region?
How is Rabin so sure that the series of attacks by Islamic extremists that have killed 116 Israelis happened after signing of the Israel-PLO autonomy accord and are related to this?
Why do Israelis want talks with the PLO stopped?
Why doesn't the Prime Minister take into consideration what half the Israelis want?
How do the terrorist attacks reflect on Rabin?
What is the platform of the opposition party?
Why does the Israelis want talks with PLO stopped?
What was the government of Russia doing to overuse their force?
How did Russia overuse force?
What are the conditions of the prisons?
What are the details of the police beatings?
How is criminal activity becoming politicized in Russia?
Why has the line been blurred?
How has china committed human rights offenses?\n
What are these human rights abuses?
Why would he extend the favored trading status?
Why did he extend this status?
What constitutes a favored nation in trading?
what is his relevance here?
Why does china care to exert force in Tibet?
Why is the repression and restrictions of freedom in Tibet as opposed to the rest of China?
How objective is the arbitrary description?
What constitutes a restriction of freedom of the press in China?
Have citizens not been able to sue the government?
Why wont people move for?
What is causing the threat of flooding? 
Why won't they go anywhere else? 
Why are the people so stubborn?
Why do some people refuse to leave their homes when the flooding is dangerous?
Why was the grocery store sellingso many supplies?
Why didn't they make the grocery store close? 
Why was the grocery store open when everyone was asked to leave?
Who is Kurt Vink?
How is he protecting his jewelry shop by him staying? 
How can he protect it from floods?
Why would he rather stay next to the jewels>
Who would do the plundering if everyone was gone?
Who are the investors and why?
Why was the economy struggling?
What year is this from?
Why were people in such debt trouble?
How had the supports been used in the time prior?
What actions did the government attempt previously to rectify the situation?
What will the credit package contain as a way of helping Mexico?
"How many, and which, countries were involved in this international credit package?"
Where was the flood? 
How were these things put before citizen's safety?
How are the flood victims lashing out?
Where are the refugees from?
Why were the refugees being left out of considerations?
Who are the environmental freaks? 
How did environmentalists cause the dikes not to be kept up?
What was the impetus for not taking care of the dikes?
How much is the total population of this city? 
What is the situation that led up to the flooding? Heavy rains? A particular storm?
Who said this? 
What does this phrase mean? 
Why did environmentalists lobby against these plans?
What bureaucratic red tape impeded the reinforcements plans?
What is the evidence that there is too much bureaucracy in this situation?
Reported to who?
What wad this cause of this?
Why were revenue and earnings so high for 1994?
What can cause records earnings for this sector?
Is there a specific reason behind the increase?
What caused the increase?
What number did it surpass?
Why was it up so  much?
What counts as consolidated revenue for a company?
How is he helping set up a confederation?
Why is there a deadlock?
Why is the Clinton administration involved in this?
What is the main cause of the deadlock?
Why is he being joined by diplomats?
Why are the other diplomats joining?
How do they plan to end the war?
Why did the war begin?
What is the war about ?
Who controls the other 49%
why are these fragments economically and politically ineffective?
Why did they repeatedly refuse to negotiate?
Why were they refusing to negotiate?
Which parts of the nation were considered less useful?
How would they be isolated diplomatically?
Why was the official anonymous
Why would the Serbs be isolated?
How are they sneaking into the country?
Why has the peso fallen?
A record in regards to what? What is the actual number?
"Do only some believe it, or is this an actual fact? Why include this if it is only partially believed?"
What is the average number of illegal immigrants caught?
Who does 'some' refer to?
What is causing the devaluation?
Why are the numbers getting bigger?
What are the top entry points used by illegal immigrants?
Why is there a growing number of impoverished Mexicans?
An activist for what?
Where does 'here' refer to?
What caused the peso to begin losing value?
Why was it unclear? Was the data not sufficient?
What caused this drop?
What solutions have been proposed by the Mexican government?
How can the peso regain its value?
"What kind of jobs, and in what industries?"
Why might this push them to seek jobs in America?
What are the top industries for illegal immigrants to seek jobs in the United States?
What gene?
Is the gene a hereditary gene or not?
In what way does the gene interfere?
Which study?
How does this gene cause diabetes?
How does the gene interact with the pancreas to cause an improper response to insulin?
Are these drugs applied before or after the diabetes starts?
What would this drug be made out of?
"How do 14 million different, unrelated people end up with Type II, adult onset diabetes?"
Why does it develop mostly after the age of 30? Is there anything to prevent this?
What would happen if the body fails to respond normally to insulin?
What protein?
What does this protein do in or to the human body?
What is the purpose of this gene? How does it affect the human body in both diabetics and non diabetics?
Does the protein have any other functions than just hindering the response to insulin?
Where is this protein stored in the body?
What about other forms of diabetes?
Why do they not know the percentage?
Where were these rulers deposed from?
who is the associate?
Of what country?
which nation is that?
Why would he not take any additional tasks?
who did he teach?
Which reforms were going to be undertaken?
What was the date of the last victory?
Why did it take so long?
What was the second try?
Does a conversion count as points?
What is a drop goal?
Who contested the competition in 1981?
Why is the Championship being contested?
When in October does the world cup start?
Games against each other?
What is a try?
What does it mean to convert? I'm not familiar with sports.
What does it mean to try in this context? I'm not familiar with sports.
How does the nationalism benefit them?
How large of their border is under dissension?
How are the two countries benefiting?
Why are they fighting with Ecuador?
Who are his major opponents?
Was he unpopular before?
What messages is President Sixto Duran-Ballen sending his people?
What is the source of the dispute?
Did they ever find a solution over their border disagreement?
Did the other  delegates eat together?
What is the name of the company?
Why are these actions illegal?
How powerful are the howitzer shells?
How did they have this collective knowledge? 
When was the first shipment?
How were British authorities able to intercept the shipment?
How was the shipment intercepted?
why was it intercepted in Britain?
What is the name?
How was this supergun planned?
How did it involve the Belgian company? 
Why will closing the company lead to charges being dropped if a crime has been committed?
Why will only some people get their charges dropped? 
What is their name?
Why did the woman try to stop the truck on her own?
Why was she crushed by a slow-moving truck?
Where were 100 police guarding the airport?
Why did the woman think this would be effective?
What are condors?
should you mention the year?
Why are the wild birds being taken into captivity?
why are they being moved?
will they be able to adjust to the new living conditions? 
what is their gender?
what does this say about capturing and releasing animals?
What is the mechanism that causes some condors to lead fellow birds into these hazards?
what are the hazardous areas to avoid?
What war was this?
Was it theirs in the first place?
Why wouldn't the battle have been necessary?
How would the battle not have made a difference in the outcome?
Was there an alternative to the recapture of Manila?
Why did the battle take place?
Why were the Japanese involved?
Why celebrate at all?
Why was the Division sent?
Why did it take a full month for the US to reach the city after landing?
Where is Chechnya located?
What is the Chechen war? Who started it? Who is involved?
What are the conditions like that make the condition bad for refugees?
Why is the country not able to come out of a state of emergency today?
What started this war and with who?
How bad is the situation in detail?
What issues are being experienced?
What kind of financial assistance do they currently provide?
What type of financial assistance was N Korea receiving?
Why do Japan need North Korea's details of past nuclear developments?
What types of financial assistance has Japan been providing for North Korea?
Why is the agreement considered a landmark agreement?
Why does North Korea allow general inspection of its declared nuclear sites?
Which countries are represented by the International Atomic Energy Agency?
Why will it be delayed for so long?
Why would the special inspections be delayed?
Why is the special inspections delayed for several years?
Did the inspection eventually occur after the delay?
Why does N. Korea need nuclear reactors?
Why would Japan pledged to help North Korea?
How much energy can two light-water nuclear reactors provide a country?
How many stages will the installation of light-water reactors require?
Why were these shots fired? 
Why were shots fired?
who are they?
Does anyone know why the two repels approached the base? 
Why had the rebels gone after the base?
is it a large base?
What populations of people does this include? 
What was the main cause of the civil war in this nation?
why did the last truce not work?
Why would one side want to call off the cease-fire?
What is a cricket test?
Why will it be left until morning?
Why will the decision have to wait?
Who are the key members of this team?
How does a person recover from an injured back in about a week?
When and how did the injury happen?
Why were these two players left out?
Is West Indies the name of the cricket team or referring to nationality?
What does Walsh's physical therapist and coach say about his injury?
What is the name of this leader?
Why was the plan seen as contemptible?
In what ways has one of Algeria's top Islamic leaders condemned a plan for this summer's presidential elections?
In what ways is the government corrupt?
How will it intensify?
Exactly which parties are leading?
Who are the members of Algeria's leading opposition parties?
Who are these parties and why don't they like the military government?
Why were the elections cancelled then?
Why were these groups outlawed?
Why is the Islamic Salvation Front outlawed?
Why did the military government cancel the 1992 elections?
Why was it outlawed?
Foreigners from which countries?
What populations comprise the opposing military and security forces?
So cancelling the elections is causing as much harm as holding them?
What was his statement?
What would the possible compromise entail?
What did Belhadj say in his statement that resulted in dashed hopes for a compromise solution?
Why does it further dash hopes?
what does this mean?
What is Eddie Bauer's interest in Thailand?
"Who are the \""rebel positions\""?"
Why are there rebel positions along the Thai border?
How popular is the Eddie Bauer company in this region?
Does the Thai government have any agreements with other countries to purchase natural gas?
What are the economical conditions of Burma?
Why were the US and France helping in this endeavor?
Why is Burma opposed to democracy?
why is this repeated?
Why is Eddie Bauer studying the situation in Burma?
How do the two things relate?
which representative for the company said this?
What is the political climate in Burma?
Why are countries opposed to trading with Burma?
What is the outlook of the political climate in the future for Burma?
Why was the leadership exiled?
who was responsible for the car bombing? 
Why did he say it was a governmental plot?
Why were they exiled?
Who was this plot initiated by?
What is government repression?
Did anyone die?
Who specifically in the government?
What does installing an Islamic state entail?
What is a communique? 
Who is the Islamic Salvation Front? 
Who makes up this group?
Where in Europe is this headquarters?
What was to policy of repression? 
Parties like who? What are examples of these parties?
Into what small town did the front in the Dutch war move?
Why had the dike been deteriorating for so long?
What is the name of this dike?
What would have to happen to guarantee that the dike will hold?
What happened to cause this flood? Is it seasonal?
Did the dike suddenly weakened or has it been deteriorating but neglected?
Has a situation like this involving the dike ever happened before?
What caused this high level? 
To where are the water refugees fleeing for higher ground?
How many towns are affected?
What was his role in this crisis?
Where do these rumours come from?
What specifically was his role in the crisis?
What role did he have in the crisin in Chechnya?
Why are these two men getting sick enough to be hospitalized?
Which hospital?
Why is there speculation of them being ousted?
Based on what evidence?
Why were they about to lose their posts?
Why would Yegorov be scapegoated?
Why is a scapegoat needed?
Why are details being withheld?
What tests were performed?
why did they vote against this?
What is the opposing political party in Albania?
Why did they vote against lifting immunity?
Who is this drug smuggler?
Why was the smuggler released?
which wednesday was it?
Is this the first time Judge Brozi went head-to-head against the ruling political party?
why would they want that?
What espionage act did these four Greeks commit?
Were these deputies deliberately absent?
Why were so many absent?
they hold secret votes?
How The United Nations' new commander and supply convoys headed today for?
Who's the new commander?
Why has the fighting continued?
Why did they head for Bosnia?
How reported Sporadic fighting?
What said by Bosnian Serbs?
Why are their government soldiers attacking the Serbs? 
How peacekeeping troops in Bosnia last month?
"How are there so many peacekeeping troops in Bosnia, and yet so many people within the country fighting among themselves?"
What exactly is the 5th Corps Gen. Atif Dudakovic doing to bring about peace in his own country?
What has persisted in northwest Bosnia?
Why has fighting broken out even during the truce?
Why does the fighting continue when there was supposed to be a truce? What is each side fighting for?
How accord the Bosnian government and Bosnian Serbs signed the truce?
Why are renegade sects opposed to the current government?
"So if they signed, why are they still fighting?"
Why wouldn't the Bosnian Muslims oppose the Muslim led Bosnian government? And why wouldn't they sign for peace in their country?
How many bombers were there?
How did this allow the bombers to avoid being detected?
where did they get uniforms?
Why did these people participate in a suicide bombing?
is that a group?
Were the people who helped the bombers believed to be aligned with Israel?
Where did the bombers reach without being caught?
of which year?
Why did the collaborators help the bombers?
Where there non-lethal injuries too?
Where did the explosion take place?
What did the uniforms look like?
What are the names of these teams?
Why was the young man killed?
Was this killing explicitly soccer related?
Just for going to the game?
How impactful is this?
Is he the Cardinal of Genoa?
Was support of his team the only reason the man was stabbed?
What time frame is this?
What happened during the fan riot?
Is there a history of sports related violence?
where is Grozny?
why are they seizing the districts?
Why is there still much to do?
what is the main objective of the army?
is chechnya in russia?
How has the change in control impacted the residents?
What is the importance of this town?
when is the fighting expected to end?
How do the troops shell their position?
Who was hosting in the neutral territory?
Was there a mediator?
What are the accusations of mutual cease-fire violations?
Why was it a tense meeting?
What sort of accusations were being leveled?
Why are they raiding convoys?
Why would he accused the UNITA rebels?
What were the goals of the rebels?
"How do they retaliate \""devastatingly\""?"
What was in the peace treaty?
How is the government advancing in violation of a peace treaty?
What were the terms of the treaty?
How has leadership and communication broken down?
Why were there renegade units still operating outside of the chain of command?
What caused the advance in jobless claims?
what is the figure which deems that level is a healthy job market?
Why were these Americans laid off?
What is considered to be a healthy job market range?
What impact does seasonality have on jobs?
what does this mean?
What was the cause of the influx?
Why was the number up from last week?
How does this first increase differ from the first advance mentioned earlier?
How does this early jump reflect difficulty when the previous sentence said it marks a healthy job market?
What sort of seasonal variations were unaccounted for?
Why did the claims shoot up?
Why were these adjustments difficult?
How does a drop back to the normal level signify a positive when the increase mentioned before is a positive as well?
What information did they have to support that?
How does it reflect that?
Where and with what company were these jobs created?
How does the creation of jobs increase the number of jobless?
Which industries had the strongest job markets?
Who created these jobs?
What industry were these jobs in?
Was the previous percentage?
Why do they have so many non native speakers?
How many pupils are there?
Where is this school located?
What is the native language there?
How many students are enrolled?
What grade levels are taught at this school?
Why is the school so full?
How over crowded is it?
Where does the money come from for these programs?
Is this a native food for the region?
Does 'bursting at the seams' mean the school have too many students or too many student activities and events?
Why is this relevant?
Where are they coming from?
Where is this located?
Is Marvin Heights or the Peel board of education in the suburbs near Toronto?
Why are they becoming more suburban?
Why the switch?
What are these patterns?
Why is this happening?
What are the factors of this change?
Why so many people year-over-year?
Are these all immigrants?
What is the top fastest growing municipality?
Who or what is Blackburn?
Why is Blackburn responsible for the fan's actions?
Why did the fan try to commit the attack?
What do they mean by official reports? How valid are they to the situation?
What type of calls did he make that were considered controversial?
At what point does taunting become too much?
How was this WWII bomb uncovered?
When did this occur and why was there an old bomb?
Why was a 500 pound bomb there?
Why were they evacuated?
How was it uncovered?
What was under construction?
When was Oranienburg Castle built?
found by who?
Who found the bomb and how?
Why was excavation being done there?
How far from the castle?
How many others?
What took so long for this for this old bomb that didn't detonate to get rediscovered?
Is there a possibility that there are more bombs in the area?
How did they disarm it?
What caused the delay?
What is that process?
How did they disarm it?
How does a delayed-action chemical fuse work?
How was it more difficult?
How many hours?
What will happen to this antique bomb?
in which ways will US help
United States is supposed to do what for their confederation?
How was the US going to assist?
Why does he want their involvement?
what will the talks be about
what is this plan? how does it apply to the US?
What is part of the plan for the confederation?
Are these talks over territory disputes?
Why is this valuable?
Are both of the groups at odds also willing to make progress to move the federation forward?
who will control the remaining percent
Who control the other 49 percent of Bosnia?
Who is at war against the Kurds?
Why did they order the book seized?
What book?
Why is there a separatist rebellion amoung Turkish Kurds?
What other charges have Western governments and rights groups made?
"How does Kemal's book provoke \""hatred and enmity\""?"
Why is the Kemal publication considered illegal?
Why were these regions being closed during the holidays?
Why would this cause an uprising?
Which month is the holy fasting month?
Who decides which bit is Jewish and which bit is Palestinian?
What does PLO stand for?
Who is Arafat ?
"Has there been similar construction scenarios in the past, and how did the opposing groups react?"
What was the evidence that this was certain to take place?
Who are the fundamentalists ?
What are the different political groups in this area?
What was the result of the 1993 negotiation attempt?
What was the highest prior donation received by the Red Cross Society for the victims of the Kobe earthquake?
What platform did they collect donations?
When was this earthquake?
What type of damage was done by the earthquake?
What is the possible range of cost resultinf from the damage from the quake?
What was the death count of this earthquake?
What is the name of the worst hit prefecture?
What are the casualty numbers that make it so deadly?
Which prefecture is the worst hit?
Why did the calculated damage increase?
How has this number been measured?
What is the Japanese government doing to serve the newly homeless?
"How long will it take to build 30,000 temporary housing units?"
Where are the housing units being built?
What is the timeline for more houses being constructed?
Where will they be housed permanently?
How does Silajdzic plan on settling the conflict?
Why was this decided in Washington?
What are the other efforts?
What is the war about?
Why was there  war in Yugoslavia?
Why was there a war taking place in Yugoslavia?
Which countries?
What was part of this peace plan?
What did the talks cover?
Why was Art Shell fired?
why was he fired
Why was he fired?
What are the changes that need to be discussed?
"What, exactly, were his accomplishments during his tenure?"
what were previous super bowl scores
Why were the peace talks having such trouble?
Why is the process faltering?
How did they seek to revive the peace process?
Why did these leaders meet?
What makes it unprecedented?
How do they plan to revive the process?
Why are the countries unable to stop the attacks?
Why does disillusionment with the agreement run deep?
Why is their ability to stem attacks uncertain at best?
Who is disillusioned by the agreement?
What made it so dramatic?
Who is disillusioned?
Why is there ability uncertain?
What types of concessions need to be made?
Why are their positions already weak?
How are both of their positions weak
What will they find difficult?
What are the concessions?
Why are their positions weak?
Why did the PM sound a positive note?
How did he do so?
Why was the meeting held at such a late time of day?
What kind of food was served?
Why do the Muslims fast?
What makes him optimistic?
What result would be optimal?
What does the term under par mean? 
Is this USDollars?
What does shot par mean in this context? 
What is the weather usually like then?
Is this a good score and if so why? 
What is the significance of eight at 69?
What game is this person a defending champion of? 
Why was Lanner unable to take advantage? 
Why Mideast leaders Thursday planned to tackle Israel's?
"What does it mean to \""tackle\"" the negotiations? "
Why don't even optimists expect progress?
What factors have affected negotiations between Isreal and Syria?
Why were the talks stalled out?
"How President Hafez Assad, Israel's most adamant foe invited?"
Why wasn't the President invited? 
Why is President Hafez Assad Isreal's most adamant foe?
Why was Assad not invited to the summit?
How Assad process of war?
What does political bachelorhood mean? 
Why is Assad hesitating entering the peace process?
When he decide?
What is the next step? 
What are the similarities?
Who are these other carriers?
Which other carriers does Delta have these agreements with?
Why is the federation in such trouble?
Why is there a prospect of wider war? 
Why is the section of Croatian Serbs breaking away?
Why would Serbs aid the fight? 
Was does the UN believe this will not occur? 
What is the end result of salvaging the federation?
What is Holbrooke doing to salvage the federation? 
What is in the water that the locals are looking at?
What is so important that would cause them to be fixated on what they are looking at?
Why are the authorities the ones preventing the locals from dealing with what they are looking at?
Why were they in such a position?
Why are so many of them living below sea level and why is it such a big deal?
Why were the authorities telling people to leave?
Why would everyone have stayed?
Who is anticipating the flood?
What city in what country are we in?
Why did the spreading of AIDS level off?
What level did it stop at?
What was behind the number of cases starting to fall at this time?
How was the report delivered?
What is different between the old and new definitions?
Why an old definition?
What was the old definition of HIV-AIDS?
How high was the rate?
What will that be caused by?
How many people had tuberculosis?
Why was it only defined by one population segment?
What do the letters IRA stand for? 
How is it under threat?
Who are these convicts and what did they do?
Why are these particular convicts being freed?
Why is the government freeing them?
Why is the process under threat?
What is the prisoner issue?
Why was the Irish peace discussion having trouble?
Who arranged for the cease fire? 
Why did the IRA cease their fire?
What was the rationale for their release?
What do the words Sinn Fein mean? 
Why does he think the British government would or could follow suit?
What does unionist mean in this context? 
Who was behind the document and proposals?
Why is this alarming to the Protestant majority?
What are the settlements the proposal is detailing?
Which party does John Major represent? 
Why did the Ulster Unionist Party find this outrageous?
How would they participate?
What were the votes crucial for?
Why would the Unionists be compelled to serve both governments?
how many member nations?
How much are the dues?
Why were so many nations delinquent?
How many assessments?
"What are the payment terms, and why is it not being paid?"
How much does each nation pay towards the budget?
What is the normal payment deadline?
What will happen if no one pays?
What determines how much each nation need to pay towards the overall budget?
What exactly will the meetings entail?
Was this to be the first summit between Israel and PLO?
Why are they struggling to find ways to stop extremism?
How long have the attacks been going on?
Are there mediators to help with the negotiation progress?
what kind of relationship did the foreign ministers reaffirmed
Which four other nations?
With which four Western European nations does Turkey reaffirm a commitment to a strong relationship?
What commitments have the foreign ministers of Turkey and four Western European nations made to each other that would support strong relationships betwee them?
Which Western European nations were involved?
How long has this relationship existed?
what are the interests of western european countries
"Why was it an \""informal\"" discussion."
What is the collective interest in that region?
Why do these states have a special interest in the region?
What is the civil rights situation in Turkey?
What have been the ramifications of the civil rights situation in Turkey?
What is the civil rights situation in Turkey?
what regions to kurdish people ask to have as autonomous homeland
What are the Kurdish rebels rebelling against?
What abuses have Turkish police engaged in?
Is the Turkish government killing civilians in this campaign?
Was their land taken over by Turkey?
what are the tactics
"What do Turkish officials consider \""uncompromising\"" tactics?"
Is this referring to the campaign of violence?
In what way did Sugihara save Jews?
How was he able to save so many people?
how did he save them?
What did he do to save all the Jews?
How much danger was Chinue Sugihara in at the time for signing the transit visas?
Where did the Jews with the transit visas signed by Sugihara escape to?
When did Sugihara pass away?
Did Japan partake in the holocaust?
"Where, generally were these Jewish people sent to after landing in Japan?"
How did the rescued Jews end up in Kobe from Lithuania?
" hidden	What is a \hidden child\""?"
What are some accomplishments of Christian Fittipaldi?
is he a good prospect?
What is Formula One?
What is their relationship?
is that young for a racer?
what's a holdover?
who's quote is this?
What about them is complimentary as teammates?
Were they former teammates or competitors?
What is an oval track?
are these uncommon?
Why was princess Diana widely tipped to visit Kobe?
Why didn't she go to Kobe after the quake?
What source tipped the news about Princess Diana's itinerary?
What changed her mind about going to the city??
What is Princess Diana planning on doing instead?
How might this happen?
How would she upstage the Imperial Family?
What caused the Japanese authorities to be concerned over this?
Why is the family showing support for the victims of the quake?
Why were they showing such little support?
What are some examples of the lackluster show of support?
Why is this official remaining anonymous?
Which country received them?
What fungicide was used?
Where are these officials located? To what country were the American apples exported?
What type of fungicide was found on these fruits?
Which health officials specifically?
Why is it important to investigate a fungicide?
What are the name of these shops?
How many apples were included in the sample from which two were found to have fungicide?
How many pounds of the imported apples had this compound still on them?
What could be the reason of the traced amounts of fungicide?
Why would Bill Morgan say this so confidently? 
How does he know this information?
22
How can a technical issue be described?
What were the name of these shops?
Why were they 'Voluntarily' recalling them if it is a health issue?
Which stores specifically stocked and then recalled the apples so customers who purchased apples at those locations could know of a potential hazard?
What health hazards could be experienced from these fungicides?
What are the possible health hazards?
Who was this spokesman?
Why does he have no plans if this is a health issue?
Why will Daiei continue to sell apples that may have fungicide on them?
Who is the spokesman for Japan's largest supermarket chain?
Why has this lasted so long?
What amount are they considering?
Why are they fighting?
What are the Tamil separatists claiming?
the government of which country?
How much is the budget?
When next week?
What is the cause of this hike?
defense spending of which nation?
who started the talks?
Why have they not made more progress?
What are their demands?
Why have the rebels increased their lists of demands?
peace talks between whom?
What are the rebels' demands?
Who started this war?
"Why do the Tamils not have a homeland, in their mind?"
How will it be utilized?
What is the strategy?
what strategy?
how did they block the convoy of aid?
"who are these renegade forces, and how are they designated renegade?"
How did they block the aid?
Why did the Muslim forces ally themselves with the rebel Serbs?
Why were the civilians beleaguered?
how is it threatening the truce?
What are the details of the country-wide truce?
Truce between whom?
Why is there fighting in this area?\n
who are they rebelling against?
Why are the Serbs and Muslims not party to the cease-fire?
Why did the peace negotiations cease?
what form did this intransigence take?
How long has the U.N. been trying to halt fighting?
How long has this been going on?
Why are the UN not capable according to Bosnia?
Why does the blame lie with them?
Why is the Bihac region to blame?
Who else is to blame?
Why was his quitting the post so controversial?
What human rights violations?
Which violations?
Why were his reports being ignored?
How many reports weren't acted on?
What other types of pressure are thought to be more effective?
"What would be another, possibly better way?"
What might other people be merely thinking other than what was already stated?
What is a denunciation?
Why are they attacking Chechnya?
What would membership in the Council of Europe entail for Russia?
Who are these 33 nations?
Why were these talks suspended?
What attacks have happened?
Who was voting?
What did they condemn?
What has specifically happened?
What are it's greatest accomplishments thus far?
Founded by whom?
How many ways do they promote unity?
Why is the council best known for the convention?
What are the criteria to enter?
Who are their members?
Why was it expanded to include more?
How could the Council demand a ceasefire if they cannot make binding law?
With what power will they demand this?
How exactly do they want altered?
Is more control necessary?
Why will they have a hard time/struggle?
Who is Michael Stich?
What sport is Croatia debuting in?
How did he struggle/to what extent?
What makes Michael Stich's ground strokes superior?
Why is this person unknown?
What is the Davis Cup?
Why did he take a 2.5 year absence?
What is Sasa Hirszon's background?
How did Ivanisevic become ranked no. 5 in the world?
How fast is the first serve of Ivanisevic?
Why did he lose his ability to a certain extent?
Why wasn't he able to use his first serve effectively?
Disarmament of who?
Which group is making these demands?
What does this have to do with the previous sentence?
Why was this practice more common in the past?
"What are linking debates, and how are they commonly used during the Cold War?"
How are they getting rid of the nuclear weapons?
Who are the participating countries?
Which Swiss city?
Which Swiss city is this article referring to?
What is considered a strategic weapon?
what is the Davis Cup?
What was the reason behind the injury?
What sport is the Davis Cup?
How was his foot injured?
what sport is this? Volleyball?
What is a forehand volley?
will Rosset be okay? how hard is the recovery process?
Did he suffer any broken bones?
what is his home town?
What team does Eltingh play for?
what kind of matches ? what sport is being talked about?
Are all matches in this tournament singles?
What is the structure of this tournament?
Why has it taken seven years?
Why hasn't it been congenial?
In what way has the buildup not been congenial?
Why has there been such acrimony?
Why did they attack a spectator?
What sort of provocations was Moore accused of being behind?
What are the seven largest economies?
what sort of economic woes / what is going on there?
What type of issues was Mexico experiencing at this time?
What caused the nosedive?
Why did the Mexican peso nosedive?
Why had the peso been struggling to keep up with other currencies?
which officials? name some from each country or the most important ones?
what date?
Which ones?
Why are the Europeans unhappy?
Why is it only a north American problem?
Why was this seen as a problem that was only North American when many economies are typically seen as linked?
How would security be increased?
How would expanding NATO into eastern Europe give Russia more security?
Why does Moscow fears that Russia will get more security?
What are some reasons why NATO expansion would give Russia more security?
Why is Willy Claes willing to cooperate with Russia?
How does he plan to cooperate with Russia?
What are the requirements to become a member of NATO? What are the benefits?
Why was Claes meeting Munich of Western defense leaders and military chiefs?
What is the objective of the meeting in Munich?
which saturday was it?
Why is Russia upset about this alliance?
Why does NATO wants former Soviet allies to join the alliance?
Why is Russia upset about this?
How many candidates are under consideration for membership?
what are they finding?
"How does NATO plan on taking in Poland, Hungary and others as members?"
Why did Moscow interfere in Chechnya?
is that in russia?
How bad was the anti-semitism in Yugoslavia at that time?
How did the Yugoslavs save the Jews from the Holocaust?
Which three Yugoslavs were honored?
What was their role in saving the Jews?
Who are considered Gentiles?
How big is the Jewish community in Belgrade?
Who were the one savior and two others?
How severe have these anti-Muslim sentiments been?
How did he save them?  Where did he hide them?
How were the families saved during the raids?
How was Ristic tipped about the Croat raid?
How did Ristic receive his information?
Why has there been so much violence here?
Why has there been an outbreak in violence?
What is the name?
Why has violence wracked the country?
How could the conference help end the violence?
What were the differing ideas at play?
Why is an opposition conference occurring?
Why are parties opposing each other?
How could the EU's ideas bring peace to the country?
Who posed the question?
Why was there such economic struggle in Algeria?
What are the extremist views at play?
Why is there an economic crisis in Algeria?
Why were some critical decisions delayed?
How long has it been so far?
What were each side asking for originally?
How far into their future?
Why were these issues not even touched?
Why did Amr feel this way?
Why could the meeting not discuss more specific measures?
Why can they not discuss specific ways or means?
Why is a premature return not wanted?
Where were the evacuees coming from?
Why is the return of the flooding evacuees premature?
Was the area still dangerous?
What are the risks to the people returning to Gelderland Province?
How is the exodus going to be reversed?
Was the area flooded for that long?
What negative consequences could occur upon reversal of the exodus?
Why are they concerned about looting and how will they prevent it?
How bad was the area?
Why had so many not been updated?
How can they do this relatively fast?
How many dikes were there?
How long will it tajke for emergency workers to finish shoring up weak and soggy dikes?
What does softening mean?
What does a softening economy mean?
What does that mean for a normal person?
How are stocks following higher?
What is a bond market and why is it higher?
What does dlrs stand for?
What issues are being advanced?
What is an advancing issue?
I don't understand what this means.
What is a nasdaq composite? I have no knowledge of stock lingo. 
Why have they been absent?
How was the court defective?
How will this affect their chances of returning next time?
What was causing the leak to stay on the court?
how hard was it raining?
was the match anticipated?
is he the best?
Why do post-communist Russians like his art?
Who was the artist?
What were the specific type of monumental sculptures?
Who is this Canadian artist?
Why was this exhibition chosen to be the first?
What made it a 'major' exhibition compared to previous non-major ones?
How many pieces are in this art exhibition?
How massive are these art installations?
What does the subject 'fragile life forces' mean?
How are they trying to break free?
What is the name of this exhibition hall?
Why is the flame symbolic?
Why is there a renewal of war?
Why are there tension between the nations?
What would cause a renewal of this war?
Why would Bosnian Serbs warned of turning up Balkan tension to another notch?
How is Croatia likely to attack Serbs?
How have the peacekeepers been able to do what they need to?
How did the thousands of peacekeepers enforced a brittle truce in Croatia?
Why is there an upsurge of violence in Croatia and Bosnia?
Why does their mandate expire on this date?
Why is Croatian President separating his forces from rebel Serb units?
Why had they lost enthusiasm for these efforts?
Why did they lose enthusiasm to stop expanding their auto sales?
Which newspaper is this?
Who was the newspaper's source of information?
What 'auto sales'?
Why need full access and not just some?
What are the details behind these limitations?
Why was it so difficult for Chrysler to gain access to the Japan market?
Why are they always told no when it comes to expanding to the Japanese market?
What issues are holding up these negotiations?
Why not stop the sale of Japanese-built cars and exclude them since they exclude us.
Which Japanese companies are making it more difficult for negotiators?
What proof do Dominican authorities have that these individuals were involved in the scandal?
Why is there a customs scandal?
Why are Dominican authorities asking for the arrest?
What is involved in a customs scandal?
How was the money stolen?
Where is Jorge Castro being extradited to?
Why was the extradition requested?
What problems prompted huge withdrawals by depositors?
Why were there huge withdrawals?
What sort of issues was the bank having?
"What is a \""pleasure boat\""?"
How many officials were arrested before Castro fled?
How does what Castro paid compare to the rates everyone else has had to pay?\n
How do they know they are in Miami?
"Had the banker exported legally, how much profit would he have made?"
Who were these five people?
What was the name of the hotel?
Who were they?
Why was it packed?
how was this caused?
How sophisticated was this hotel when it came to fire alarms?
Why would someone be a permanent resident at a hotel?
Was the building equipped with fire escapes?
Why wasn't the local fire department better prepared?
What was the rationale for leaping?
Was there a sprinkler system installed in the structure? 
Why wasn't there a fire alarm that woke them up instead?
"Why were people caught so unaware, even if they were sleeping?"
How would the ambassador be replaced?
"What is this policy, and what does it entail?"
How can they be sure it will not change?
Why would he be replaced?
What was the policy change thought to be?
Why would he be replaced? Are there rumors that hes not a good person or cant fulfill his duties properly?
Why was he being replaced?
What was Washington's previous policy? Why does Jackovich's replacement signal a change?
"Why the president and his staff, and not another body of government?"
Can't he have a say in it?
What if they have a better idea and want to change it?
How will the dikes be reinforced?
Is a dike the same as a dam?
when will the project implemented
Which country is this flooding taking place?
which areas are included in the expansive flooding
Is the flooding coming from excess rain or high tides?
Where did the residents go?
when was the second largest flood in holland
How often does Holland experience flooding at this scope and size?
How does this process work?
What is the average cost of damages caused upon the dikes?
Where is she from?
Why did her implants fail to stay in their proper state?
Why did the implants rupture?
What kind of symptoms would this cause?
how did they rupture?
How many years have this implant maker been in use by the company?
how much did they purchase for?
Will she need more operations?
How did the implants rupture?
How do these operations work?
have the operations worked?
Why had these lumps been developing?
Was Mrs. Toole aware of the risks of silicone implants?
How many people were shot?
What made him freeze and not run?
Which train experienced this shooting?
How did he survive from the shot?
"What characteristics made the woman's face \""angelic\""?"
What made him watch instead of jumping to action?
Why did he watch the shooting?
What behaviors did the defendant engage in that made him appear visibly unnerved?
Did he visibly unnerve the defendant because the defendant had looked him in the eyes before he shot him? Thereby humanizing his victim to him?
Why is he representing himself?
Why is he serving as his own lawyer?
"Did he lock eyes on the defendant to make sure that the defendant remembered every detail about shooting him, when he looked into the victims eyes before shooting him?"
Did Ferguson appear intoxicated?
"Was he becoming distraught because of what he had done, or because he had been caught and now was being faced with the consequences?"
Who are the authorities?
what date?
Why where they looking forward to this?
What is the first unit?
What did the feasibility study look at?
Why were two plants recommended to be built?
Why was it recommended to be built there?
Why did the study's results not come out sooner?
Of what year?
What did Pres. Suharto claim were the benefits of nuclear energy?
Why do future generations need the benefit of nuclear energy?
what about the cons of nuclear energy?
What is the hard evidence of piracy?
What types of imports will be affected?
In what industries would these sanctions be levied?
What are the risks of a trade war?
Will the retaliation come in the form of tariffs?
Why was the request ignored?
What part of the talk was unacceptable to Chinese officials?
Which publications are considered the official state newspapers of record?
What is a wicket?
What are wickets?
What is the follow-on?
What is the follow-on?
How many wicket pairs are there in crickets?
Is this the same game?
Is 402 a good score for the first inning?
Where is second slip on a cricket pitch?
What is a duck in this situation?
What is a duck in cricket?
How many has he competed in?
What type of race is this?
How many races are in a season?
What makes it demanding?
How far is the opening run?
Why was the course so difficult?
What country is this driver from?
Why was he disappointed?
Why were they postponed?
Why were the Worlds pushed back?
Why were the World Championships postponed?
Why was it unthinkable?
Why does he only ski these two?
Why does he skip these two races?
How does one win the overall title?
How was it nail biting?
Why did he lose time?
How did he recover?
How long is a 53-gate course?
Do Tomba and Kosir often face each other in races?
Who was affected by the stomach virus and why did it affect the singles matches?
What stomach virus took the toll? 
What sport is this?
Why is a singles player playing against a doubles player?
Why did they choose Woodforde to replace Fromberg?
How did Fromberg contract the virus? 
How did Richard Fromberg contact stomach virus?
Under what circumstances would these 2 pairs face each other again?
Was the missed singles match part of the same event?
What nationality is this player?
What was the temperature at the time of the match?
What is shuttle glow?
what is the phenomenon?
What is shuttle glow?
What are the other secondary tasks?
What kinds of other things is Discovery's crew working on?
Why are we dealing with a Russian space station?
What does the cosmonaut do?
Discovery is a robot?
Are exhaust plumes and UV the cause of shuttle glow?
How is it placed back in?
Who is he?
"What other theories, if any exist?"
Is this theory shuttle glow?
What about this town is important militarily?
Why is this capital battered with war? What caused it?
Why was the town so vital for this military group?
How does the feud take place?
Why are so many groups fighting for control of the capital?
Why is this town considered to be so strategic?
Why did he choose to speak to the press?
Why might they not succeed?
Why is there a struggle?
Why is he locked in a power struggle with President Lech Walesa?
Why would the prime minister indicated stepping down?
What country do these politicians come from?
What types of reforms are leading to a squabble?
What specific reforms are they feuding over and why have they not been able to come to a solution?
Are they from the same political party?
What did Walesa do to become a Nobel laureate?
Why is Walesa forcing new elections?
Which Nobel laureate area did Walesa win?
How has this come about?
Are these accusations true?
Why is Pawlak accused of making decisions behind the Alliance back?
What is the name of Pawlak's coalition?
What is the flag representing?
Where is the cart and thus the woman going?
Who owns the Chechen territory?
what does this signify?
Why are the soldiers watching warily?
Why are the soldiers camped at the field's edge?
Are they worried about possible conflict?
Why are they watching the woman and children?
What are the soldiers doing?
Is this a territory or a religion inspired war?
Why does tension and resentment for the troops run high?
Why is the control inevitable?
Why are the forces working to establish control?
Why are Russian forces suddenly enforcing control over Grozny?
What is their background?
Who was playing for Belgium?
What was the early scare? 
What is the Davis Cup? 
What was the early scare?
Why two days of play?
What do these numbers mean?
Who was Russia leading? 
What is the sport being played?
Why is it out of Belgium's reach?
Why is the match already out of Belgium's reach?
What does this format mean?
Who are Andrei and Dewulf?
Who is Kris Goossens?
Why was this surprising?
What happened?
What does it mean to be caught cold?
What does it mean to be caught cold?
What did he say?
Why did the president voice pessimism?
Why was he pessimistic?
How does his position as a 'moderate' influence the impact of his stance?
Why are the Croats and Muslims battling?
What number or what percentage of the leadership?
Why did they call for Alija's resignation?
Why is the US taking this stance?
How does the US plan on convincing Bosnian Serbs?
How can the US make this argument work?
Why do Muslims oppose a confederation?
Why do Muslims oppose the confederation?
What are the views and feelings of the Chechen opposition?
What are they warring over?
Why would they target a funeral?
Why did the Russian helicopters fire on a funeral?
Why are they killing innocent people and what do they hope to acheive?
how was it strategically located?
What took them in particular so much time to speak up?
On what issue was this challenge based?
Which parties?
"What kind of battles, physical or metaphorical"
Why is there a movement to challenge former Premier Silvio Berlusconi?
In what way are they considered a strategic prize?
Why is there a scramble to prepare for next elections?
Where does Berlusconi stand in the list of parties?
Why would he bid to lead a centre-left election alliance?
"What were the reasons for these actions, and how did it lead to the resignation?"
How are they courting them?
What is that void left by the Northern League?
In what ways was this seen?
How can you tell this?
Where is Chechnya
Did the pilot survive?
Did the pilot die?
What is a Shali?
What does it mean to be Kremlin-backed?
Who is the ally here?
What was the reason for the secession?
Where is Samashky?
Why was every issue of the pro-Kurdish newspaper confiscated?
what was the government crackdown
Who is the government in this scenario?
Why were the papers confiscated?
What were the specific allegations of propaganda?
"Which court decided this, what laws did they use?"
Who were the predominant subscribers to the newspaper?
was the newspaper publishing daily
What is the basis of the legal pressure being placed on opposition media?
this is an interface error
who are the US based media aid group?
Why was there pressure on such media outlets?
when will the newspaper be established
Who is that?
What happened to her former neighbors?
why is she exiled?
What does 'Bosnia's Berlin' mean?
Why were these two groups struggling to coexist at this period?
Do both sides of the conflict wish to seek a solution to peace in the area?
What are the tensions over?
What are the tensions that are causing the federation to collapse?
How were they seen as sabotaging the peace?
Did any surrounding nations attempt to mediate between these two oppositions?
How did they overcome this?
How did they overcome this blip?
Beat  them at what?
What kind of sport team is this?
What are the differences in technique between a singles player and a doubles player?
How was Casal injured before this tie?
Who is ranked #1?
How did he prove to be a weak partner?
How was he injured?
What are the regulations on the replacement of injured doubles partners?
Why is he considered a singles specialist?
What makes him a specialist?
How did they train?
Is there a reason they hadn't played together before now?
What is involved in their training?
"What you mean by \""broke\""?"
How many games are there?
How did Patricia Highsmith die?
How did she die?
How and why did she die?
Why was a cause of death not given?
Did she have any medical problems?
How is the movie different from the book?
Was the movie successful?
Was the movie named the same thing as the book?
Why was she best known for the character of Tom Ripley?
How did she come up with the character of Tom Ripley?
Why did she stop writing novels in 1991?
Why was Tom Ripley her best known character?
What are some of her famous novels?
Why were they celebrated so much?
Why is there a feud between Sunni and Shiite Muslim militants?
What were the militants arguing over that led to the massacre?
How come there was no security at the club?
"Why is the area \""The Karachi Central District\"" wracked by political and religious violence?"
What was the other site of the killings?
How come troops are not stationed 24/7 in an area where the attacks happen so often?
How come these groups do not resolve their differences?
which palace is being referred to?
What makes the rooms in the former cazrist palace appear ornate?
Why did the Cold War possibly start in this palace?
Why is it thought that the Cold War might have begun in this palace?
When were visitors given a first glimpse into the private rooms?
Why was President Roosevelt sleeping in the palace?
How did they determine the shape of postwar Europe?
"How did pictures of Roosevelt, Stalin and Churchill determine the shape of postwar Europe?"
What was the shape of postwar Europe at this time?
How did these three leaders determine the shape of Europe?
Were there any informal ceremonies?
"How often, over the last fifty years, have World War II Allied leaders held top-secret meetings?"
Why was the meeting top-secret?
Why was the meeting held in Yalta?
Why were they hostile?
Who made the decisions to split Europe into what became two hostile blocs?
Why did the two blocs become hostile toward each other?
How did she die?
What was the cause of death?
What were some of her top bestsellers?
How did she die?
Why was no cause given?
Why was the cause of death not given
What are some of her publications?
What were some major characters?
did it translate to asian languages?
How can a criminal be both stupid and boring with their brutality?
how is this decided?
Which publisher ultimately published her work?
How many security men?
What is Serbia's sole independent daily?
Who are these two women journalists?
How was it a spontaneous protest?
What was the crux of the protest?
So could Nasa Borba change their name under the same loophole?
How does a state-controlled enterprise work?
What sort of legality did the Milosevic government use to attain this end?
What sport is the Davis Cup?
What sport is this?
Which sport is being talked about here?
What sport is the Davis Cup?
What country are they representing?
Which country is Kenneth Carlsen and Morten Christensen from?
How would the outcome of two singles matches influence the outcome from a doubles match?
Why is 200 significant?
Why is no player ranked in the top 200 but still be expected to pull off an upset?
What is a reverse singles match?
Was this a doubles or singles match?
So did the U.S. lose in 1993?
How were they eliminated?
What were the scores for the United States team?
Who did they end up losing to?
literally insurmountable or is this hyperbole?
How did they beat Libor and Filip - what made it an insurmountable lead?
Who are the top five seeds for this event?
What is the endgame of dissolving parliament?
Why do they need to warn him?
Why does he want to dissolve parliament?
Why does he want new election to be held?
Why is President Lech Wales forcing new elections?
How does dissolving the parliament force new elections?
Where does Walesa feel he derives his authority to do so?
Why does he think he is so entitled?
Would making this illegal be the best solution or is there another better solution?
Why does Walesa insists he has the authority to take such action?
How does a passed resolution declare the President's authority illegal?
How was this resolution not already something stated in their laws as a form of checking the power of those in office? 
"At this point, wouldn't this form of government just lead to a dictatorship because there is no way to keep the power of those in office in check?"
What types of policies have caused friction between Solidarity and the PM?
"So, was being brought to court inevitable for Walesa since it seems like a lot of people don't agree with how he wants to run things?"
what made him so great? what did he research?
Why was he a great philosopher?
Why is William Gladstone considered a great philosopher?
What do his diaries tell us about William Gladstone?
how did one person write fourteen volumes as a diary?
Why did the editing process take so long?
how was he elected prime minister 4 times?
Why did he give up on politics?
What made him so charismatic?
Why did he give up politics after so long?
what was so important about what he had to say?
How can he still be heard if he is dead?
What did he say on the phonograph?
how did he write so much?
Why were his entries typically so brief?
Why did he record all of these; for what purpose?
Why are they exchanging liaison offices?
Why was the delegation meeting felt necessary?
Who is this person?
"How many, and which, countries were part of these talks?"
What made North Korea need to come to an impasse where they needed assistance? 
What were the diplomatic ties they requested to limit?
What type of economic aid has the U.S. agreed to provide North Korea?
Where is the possible site located?
How is the US scouting sites when North Korea wants to limit diplomatic ties?
Was the US not accompanied during their visit if they were able to visit sites for an office?
Did the American office ever get built?
What is a dispatch in terms to the Koreas? Is this an announcement to the public?
Who monitored the dispatch?
What did the one-sentence say?
Why would this help to normalize relations?
Why does he want Marcos name removed?
Who is the former World War II guerrilla?
Why do he wants Marcos removed from the list of Filipino war heroes?
Who is the foreign secretary?
Why is this person wanting the President's name removed from the list?
Why does he want the late President's name removed?
Why were these people jailed?
Why were they jailed?
Why was he jailed by the Japanese?
Does this former World War II guerrilla claim that this was not true?
How will they determine which people are fake?
Is Manglapus claiming that Marcos was not among the thousands jailed at Fort Santiago?
How did Marcos escape?
How accurate is this as a source of information?
Did anybody escape with him and can verify his statement?
How many of the detainees are still alive and can verify this?
Why weren't they able to qualify for political refugee status?
Why were they unable to qualify in other countries?
what date?
why can't they qualify?
What is the agreement for?
Why did the Vietnamese flee their homeland?
Why can they not qualify?
What are the acts that would disturb peace?
what kind of acts?
What was the main focus of this agreement?
Refrain from what kind of acts?
Why do they want to disturb the peace?
Why didn't they qualify for settlement in those countries?
How do they plan on dealing with those people?
"Why are the dubbed as \""boat people\""?"
Why did they sail to the Philippines?
Why did these parties feel the need to cooperate for this statement? 
What types of persecution were being faced by these refugees?
"What do they mean when they say \""in line\""?"
What is this comprehensive plan of action?
How do they face persecution?
What type of housing was provided?
Why is she in an elementary school classroom?
Where was this earthquake?
What is the quake?
What earthquake did she survive?
How many people were injured or killed in this earthquake?
Where have they been evacuated from?
How many elderly evacuees are being housed in schools and other public buildings?
What are these shelters like?
Are there enough volunteers to cover the needs of evacuees?
Why is it a lottery system to determine who gets government housing? Did they consider any other systems before deciding on this one?
Why are so few units available?
Is the availability of government-built housing insufficient for the need?
was there a decision made as to how many survivors should inhabit a classroom?
Why isn't she complaining?
Why are there no facilities?
How do they keep the elderly evacuees healthy and well without heat or running water?
From where?
Where were these flood refugees located?
Why were the dams so old?
What is a Flood Refugee?
Where are the Refugees located that they have experienced a flood? Who are they?
Does he mean powerless within himself or his business? how serious is the issue?
Which nation? 
How long did the flooding in the Netherlands last?
what happened to make them have to evacuate ?
Why were some people allowed to go home before others?
Did these accidents involve vehicles only?
Was there a condition that led to the two accidents?
Who were these people?
How long has this been an issue?
Why are safety standards so haphazardly applied?
Who controls the safety standards?
Was the road too narrow for both vehicles to fit?
How did the two trucks collide and who was at fault?
Why is there a border dispute?
What has caused the border dispute?
How did the two sides clash?
How did the two sides clashed again?
How do the fighting sides manage to fight along mountainsides?
What skirmishes occurred on Saturday?
How much fighting has there been?
What are these clashes?
Why didn't they have any commentary?
Who are Maoist guerrillas?  What are they fighting for?
Why did Peru sent soldiers experienced in fighting Maoist guerrillas?
Did they give approval?
"Why was the tax unpopular, and among whom?"
Why was it unpopular?
Who are the Israel's Cabinet?
What is an unpopular capital gains tax?
Why had the tax been planned?
What have they flipped back and forth on?
What had caused the original collapse?
Why is tax widely blamed?
Was it really the tax then that caused the earlier decline?
How did their disputes started?
What are the disputes about?
Why are they pleased by the decision?
What was the decision?
What was the meeting about?
Why had progress drawn to a near-standstill?
What are the nine-point plan to support the federation?
Why have they made little progress?
What would have been the reason that led to increased fighting?
Why was it not hinted in advance?
Why were the United States and other countries worried?
Which seven?
Which players will be competing?
Are there other types of tennis courts beside hard courts?
What happened at the first two tournaments?
Is this event focused on men's tennis only?
Anyone can play in these events?
What made Manuel Orantes legendary?
Why is he legendary?
How many events are in this series?
Why didn't he enter in this before?
What makes him so patriotic?
What is the conflict regarding?
What lead to this?
What were the terms to reach an agreement?
Why was there no agreement between the sides?
Why are the two countries fighting?
How long has this conflict been active?
Why can't the two countries agree?
What was the hope that they'd agree upon?
Why were they chosen as mediators?
Who are the mediators?
What does this work entail?
Why did they disband?
What was vague about the conflict?
Why is he the chairman?
What needs to be understood?
What is an appropriate length of time?
Why didn't they have decision makers in the mediation?
Why were the two countries dragging on coming up with an agreement?
Can I read this statement in full anywhere?
Why are they taking their time? 
Why was it taking so long? Do they not want peace?
What is an observer mission?
What is this mission?
Where will this zone be and how will it work?
How would a demilitarized zone be managed?
Why are Russian medics rude or considered rude?
How much do they get paid in US dollars?
What is its purpose in Russia?
Why are the medics paid so poorly?
Why does the AMC service such a small community of foreigners?
Is the healthcare in Russia considered substandard?
What is different about Western health care compared to Russian health care?
When did they first open?
Why was healthcare for foreign persons so sparse?
"If the staff is 70 people, how many patients do they typically see a year?"
Who recorded the video? 
Was this intentional?
Why was this televised?
Who placed the mortar shell there to explode?
Why was the bloodshed forgotten? 
Who is worrying?
Was there another incident that was forgotten?
Who is Senad Karavdic
Why did this happen?
How many have there been?
Why was his voice trembling?
Was there a reason the wreath was made out of paper?
How many massacres have there been?
How did he show his desperation? 
Why was the fighting still continuing after such a long period?
Was there an international outrage?
Does Sarajevo have any help?
Why is there fighting going on?
Why will never end? 
Why had so little changed in nearly three years?
What do they want the world to do?
What exactly needs to change?
Who did Mexico come back against after being 0-2 matches down?
Why is the border in dispute?
How many years has their border been under dispute?
What is Peru's defense against the accusation?
is that a fortress?
Which other posts were being attacked by Peruvian fighters?
Who originally owned that territory?
will they accept his view?
what makes this marathon so prestigious?
what time did he score to have won the race
How long has he been competing?
How many competitors are allowed?
how has he never won?
what was his best result when he was second
How good of a competitor is he?
how has nobody else challenged him if this is a very prestigious competition? 
what is the current border conflict?
Why is there a border conflict?
How is the  conflict affecting sports in general?
why did he place so poorly if he is the record holder?
what is the record by kenyan athlete
Why is he not a good as he once were?
How big was the earthquake that rattled the mountains?
Are earthquakes common in this area?
what date?
"Why is this area sparse in population, outside of being mountainous?"
What's the most seismically active region of the world?
Why is New Zealand such an active seismic region?
"What would count as a \""minor quake?\"""
What accounts for so many seismic activities in this region?
Who was the police officer talking too?
How many towns felt the earthquake?
What region are they talking about?
Why was the quake not serious?
How long do the earthquakes normally last around that area?
What constitutes a major earthquake?
Why did such a major quake not cause much damage?
What is the highest number of the scale and what does the number mean?
Why was she in Tokyo?
Why was he estranged?
Why was her hair style considered a Madonna like style?
Where had she been?
why are they estranged?
How was she planning to do this?
What did do?
Why was her suit considered conservative?
how is it cut / what is the length?
what shade of pink?
what designer made the suit?
Where did she do this?
Why was she there?
Was she with anyone?
which awards ceremony?
Why had she left public life for a length of time?
What was glittery?
Why was this a surprise?
Why is she being watched?
Why did they separate?
Why will she be doing this?
Is there a reason for this?
why did they separate?
What caused the truck to skid?
Which freeway location?
How did this happen when there should be safety mechanism in place?
What caused the explosion?
What caused the truck to skid?
What time of day did this explosion happen?
What caused the tanker to hit the guard rail?
Who were the people involved?
How badly were the people injured?
Were these people occupants of nearby vehicles?
How badly was the center divide damaged?
Were there any other deaths besides the driver (and presumably the person(s) in the car)?
What is the exact area on the highway?
Why did they close this interchange in particular?
How long was the highway closed?
Are there other routes?
Are accidents common on this road?
Did this cause any other damage?
What model truck?
How far away was the other side of the highway?
Did this cause additional accidents on the other side of the freeway?
What company was the cargo for?
How did the liquid come to cause an explosion?
What is this used for?
Are accidents involving this type of cargo common?
Where did this wave come from?
What town did this happen in?
What caused the wave?
Where did this wave come from?
What town?
Where were they thrown from?
what town is this?
Who was this person?
What restaurant?
Did they see her being swept away from inside the restaurant?
Who are these rescuers?
Was he in stable condition?
Was she ever found?
What does this mean?
How were they reported?
Why were the waves so high?
What sort of deal?
What deal was being negotiated?
What was being said no to?
What were they trying to negotiate?
what would a settlement look like?
Are there any issues before the negotiators that were agreed upon?
How long did they try for?
What did the two sides disagree about?
What kind of acrimony?
What other actions have contributed to acrimony?
What initiated the 25 month long talks?
How did the payers feel about all of this?
What outcome does Donald want?
Why do they want to break off negotiations?
What is worst-case scenario if the negotiators are unable to arrive at an agreement?
Did the attempt work?
"What do they mean by their intent was \""to have the bomb explode?\"""
What was the result at 5pm
Why did the President become involved?
How many days did it take for them to agree?
What were the causes of the earthquake?
Why was this area not inhabited by people?
What was the magnitude of the earthquake?
How does this rating compare to other earthquakes that have had catastrophic effects?
Are there any nearby cities that felt the quake?
when did he report this information -- before or after the 7.5 reading?
"Are there any active, major earthquake fault lines underneath Australia?"
How often do major earthquakes occur here?
What particular tectonic reasons explain why NZ is so seismically active?
How frequent are these occurrences that they react this nonchalant?
When was the last time a major earthquake struck urban Australia?
Why did other's spit at Queen Elizabeth II's representatives?
Why are his buttocks tattooed?
What was the nature of the treaty?
Why did the protestor spit at the representative and the PM?
Why did 500 angry Maoris boo?
Why did the boo and jeer?
why are they angry?
What kind of rebel flag did the demonstrators raise?
Why were they stomping on the flag?
describe the flag?
why new zealand?
Who did the Maori leader warn?
Why were the officials unable to be protected?
What is the 'Treaty of Waitangi'?
What is the nature of the treaty?
Why were they trying to set fire to the building?
how much earlier did this occur?
Why has he not called or written?
What is the truth?
Why is he in such despair?
Who is Anil Dhakal?
What truth does he not want to tell?
Is he not OK?
Why does he longer work there?
Beaten by who?
Why were wages not being paid?
Why were his employers taking advantage of him?
39
How long has he been saving money?
How much college has he attended?
How much money was he trying to save?
What college was he attending?
What other nations?
Who was telling these tails?
Who is luring these foreigners here?
What is an example of a labor short industry?
How long does a tourist visa last?
What is the name of this program?
"How many is \""most\""?"
What type of cancer did he die of?
When was this show on the air?
What type of cancer did he have?
Did he have a wife and children?
Who is Dennis Morga?
Who is Dennis Morga?
What year was last Dec. 16?
How did it make him feel better?
Where on the Walk of Fame is his star located?
If he was well why did he succumb to cancer?
"What determines if he is \""well\"" or not? "
How long did his good health last in December?
What type of film was he in the process of making?
What year is Jan. 8?
What is the title of a theatrical film?
Was the stroke associated with his lung cancer? 
What film was he shooting in Hawaii?
Why did the Palestinian gunmen ambush the Israeli gasoline tanker?
What was the reason for the ambush of this particular vehicle?
Why was an escort car following the gasoline tanker?
Who gave this information to the Israel radio?
Why is the relationship between the Israeli people and the PLO so strained to begin with?
Why was the Palestinian police officer afraid to speak publicly?
How did the police find the gunmen in the first place?
why did they want to attack this town?
Which town?
Fighting between which groups?
What is the town's name?
Why was fighting taking place in this area?
why does russia want to seize Grozny? Isn't Russia already a large country? Or is this to exert military power with the expectation of results in diplomacy?
Why is this a sign of frustration?
Why had Russia been struggling to seize the Chechen capital?
why have they been at war?
"Why had these bombing raids and campaigns lasted for so long, unabated?"
Why a formal cease-fire?
Who are the rebels?
Why was there an ethnic war?
How quickly is soon?
Why were there foreign monitors?
What are these developmental priorities?
What are they developing
what date?
development priorities for what?
from which nations?
Why would they want to present it there?
What sort of initiatives have been imposed on them before?
Why have they not previously had a chance to define the initiatives for themselves?
Who is imposing\n
What change does Machel want for Africa's self-perception?
what would achievement look like?\n
What do they think of their own self-perception at this time?
Which countries shirk providing aid?
What political reasons are there to provide aid?
What reasons?
What are the moral and political reasons?
Who was winning in F1 instead of Ferrari?
When did the Italian team win their last World F-1 Championship?
what is it called?
What is the relationship of a champion skier to F-1 racing?
Is touching the race car a common F-1 racing superstition?
why is a skiier at a race?
what part of italy?
What disciplines did Tomba win gold medals in?
Do F-1 drivers compete as a team?
what has tomba won?
Is this legal?
Who do they exchange these with?
Where do these pictures come from?
What are these anonymous conduits? 
What is the scope?
Is it illegal or not?
What exactly lures them?
What is this scope? 
How can it lure kids into sex? 
What were these messages regarding?
26
What kind of pictures are graphic?
Where do these pictures come from?
What are they baiting?
How are they being used as bait? 
What is the prevalence of these baiting type images in comparison to more standard-issue underage images?
What violent event interfered with a soccer event?
Why are officials and fans of soccer kicked around results?
Why is violence so often occurring at soccer matches?
what must be done?
What are they planning on doing?
Why will they be defenceless in the face of violence?
how long has he been president?
What are they even fighting for?
Why did they want the tensions to continue?
who are british hooligans?
What were they hoping to achieve from the rally?
Why did the hundreds of ultras participated at a rally in Genoa?
What caused the altercation?
What is the cause of this shortage?
Why such a shortage of orders?
What is causing this shortage?
How is the shutdown trying to be stopped?
What is causing the stoppage in orders for these model jets?
Are they doing anything to get new orders?
Why won't they disclose this information?
Why won't the company release this information?
What projections are being made for the fate of the company after the shutdown has passed?
Why does this decision have to be made within five months? 
how did the others manage to climb walls?
Why were they unable to?
How many people were killed in the Estonia ferry disaster?
What caused the Estonia ferry disaster?
What caused it to be survival of the fittest?
What populations comprise the accident investigation committee?
at what time the ferry sank in
Why did it only take 35 minutes to sink?
Was the bow door faulty or damaged before the storm?
how many women were found?
Why were most of the bodies males?
What percentage of lives lost do men represent?
Are there continuing efforts to find the rest of the bodies?
Why haven't American and Russian spaceships converged in 20 years?
What did the two spaceships need that required them to meet up?
Which nation owns the space station? Which nation owns the spaceship?
Does the article involve a convergence between two spaceships or a space station and a spaceship?
Why does the commander need to take manual control in order to complete the maneuver?
Why did Russian officials wait until the last minute to agree to the encounter?
Why was the agreement so late in coming?
How many phases are there for this rendezvous?
Why is there a leak on the shuttle?
What was the reason for this prolonged leak?
How much does this leakage endanger the crew?
Who was the commander of the Russian spaceship?
Who are the crew of space station Mir?
Why has it been 20 years?
What is the role of a spaceship outpost in the 21st century?
What is the massive T-shaped outpost refer to?
Was he the only one in the shuttle?
What happens if the Discovery shuttle stopped too far or too close to the station?
Why so few deputies elected?
Why so few?
why / how is this possible?
What led to so many candidates standing for positions?
Is this due to a power vacuum?
what does this mean in this context?
which two leaders?
Why are the goods scarce?
Why weren't they able to do this for seven months?
Why couldn't Sarajevans leave the capital city for seven months?
What goods are scarce in Sarajevo?
Why had the lack of movement lasted so long?
Why is there so much paperwork required?
What kind of paperwork is required?
What paperwork was required for further travel?
Why was the road previously closed?
What sort of papers were required?
How did it become a tenuous record?
What are the other provisions of this truce?
Why was the truce held up?
Why were the hopeful this time and not before/after?
What are they hoping to see come next?
What is the source of the conflict between the Bosnian government and the Bosnian Serbs?
What private investment is being impeded by the violence?
What is this secretary's name?
How long has the violence been going on?
What makes it a major obstacle?
"What is the comfort level Brown thinks investors want? Does violence have to be eliminated completely, or only addressed?"
What is Brown's first name?
What is their comfort level?
What people specifically?
Why did he go there?
What was said in the meeting?
Does this mean these are American investors backed by guarantees from the US government?
How experienced are the crews?
Why so many years to form a convergence?
What was calling for the two spaceships to meet up?
How many people are on each crew?
How long will the shuttle be docked at the station?
How close can the ships travel apart?
How far from earth is space?
Why stop 400 feet away?
What are cosmonauts?
What kind of traffic and other problems did this cause?
What are 'whiteouts'?
How cold does a wind chill need to be before it is considered dangerous?
How prevalent were the school closings?
Are there other states who closed down their schools?
Why did they suspend talks?
What were they skeptic about regarding the 1995 Russian budget?
Why are people skeptical?
Why is there skepticism?
What does this stand for?
Why are they remaining anonymous?
What does this stand for?
How will this loan be distributed?
What is the loan for?
What is this loan for?
Why are the Russians waiting until spring to release the money?
Why won't the IMF release the money until spring?
What magnitude were the other earthquakes?
How strong were the other three eqrthquakes?
How close were the quakes to each other?
How many fault lines run under Japan?
How large is this air base that the US controls?
"Which Japanese island is Misawa on, and when did it become a site for a U.S. air base?"
What are they bargaining?
How long has this been going on?
What are the complaints?
Who specifically from each country?
"How many times have the United States and China negotiated on pirated music, movies, and software?"
what was the previous bargain?
What sort of items were receiving the tariffs?
Why are there stiff tariffs?
Why in Beijing?
What kind of tariffs?
What imports have been affected?
when are tariffs considered stiff?
what imports are they referring to?
Direction towards what exactly?
What kind of action does the U.S. Representative expect China to deliver on the issue?
which news conference?
which talks is her referring to?
What is making him feel encouraged?
Was this unexpected?
Why is the price being doubled?
How did they respond?
what did China do?
Who received the letter?
What solution will China suggest?
Who was the letter from and what did it say?
What is changing the world?
What are the numbers to highlight American anxiety?
Why is this relevant to American anxiety?
What are the main factors contributing to people's anxiety?
"Does this mean email addresses, websites?"
Which institutions are not keeping up?
What is the main reason why institutions were so laggard in keeping up with tech?
What there the broad changes occurring in the economy
Why does Toffler's opinion matter?
Which ones?
What kind of promises?
What small Island nations are they refering to?
What are the ways in which this can be attained?
What man-made emissions will be focussed on and cut?
What meeting? 
What polar ice caps and what inhabited land could be swamped?
What are the names of the prominent enviromental groups?
Which scientific panels were in support of these measures?
How long is it exspected to take?
"What is an unemployment insurance system, and what does it entail?"
How will they be restructured?
Why are they being restructured?
What is their current unemployment insurance system like?
How was their unemployment system being operated before the restructuring?
What is China's current unemployment insurance system?
"Why do they need to cut jobs to turn it around, surely there could be better strategies implemented."
Why are they loosing money?
"In what ways, and why wouldn't they continue to do so?"
What exactly are these plans to turn it around?
Is there an estimate on the number of surplus laborers expected to lose their jobs?
In what ways are they preparing?
Is the preparation for unemployment expected to take place within the year?
That statistic is a bit outdated. What the more current unemployment rate look like?
"Why was the unemployment rate so low, while the enterprises were still money-losers?"
Is 2.7 percent a low rate of unemployment for China's working population?
Why are they ailing?
What does underemployed mean exactly?
What does underemployed mean?
Which state-owned enterprises are expected to cut their number of laborers?
What was their evidence for such a claim?
How did they trigger the explosion?
Who are these competitors and what country are they from?
How did the explosion happen?
What types of these considerations were they claiming could be behind a competitor's wish to damage these rockets?
What was the Motivation for doing this?
What evidence resulted in these conclusions?
Where did the remote signal originate?
How does a 'foreign remote signal' work?
Why were these relationships so frosty?
Why did they think that?
what makes it fashionable?
What types of reforms were being looked into?
Why was he taking notes?
I would more so use the word ironic?
What was the reason for India's change of heart about American capitalism?
Why would he lie?
So in the end they changed their opinion completely?
Why are they playing it down?
What kind of disagreements?
What were these spaceships?
Which two spacecraft were flying?
Who is this commander?
"When was this \""fairy tale\"" moment occurred?"
Who is flying these spaceships?
Where is this happening?
Is a space station considered a spaceship?
What is the need for the docking?
What is the 1975 Apollo-Soyuz docking?
How many rehearsals are required before the actual docking attempt?
what is an economic police force?
How will the force combat those who evade taxes?
why is there no opposition?
why is it not expected to encounter opposition?
"how do you discover tax evasion \""on the spot\""?"
Which other nations already have this sort of police force?
what is the possible range of fines?
How prevalent is tax evasion in Greece?
Why did he steal the money?
what does this mean? $?
How was this man caught by authorities?
what date?
How long did it take for authorities to find him?
Why did he receive release?
How was he able to avoid authorities and flee the country?
why weren't they immediately available?
What exactly are the details of his crimes?
Why do they oppose the peace process?
How were the Israelis attacked?
What is PLO?
What makes them radical?
What topics were discussed at this summit?
What role do elections play in the disagreement? What does each side want?
When do they hope to have it finalized?
Why are the talks held in Cairo?
Why were the talks in Cairo?
Why does the PLO delegate not optimistic about the talks?
Why was agreement so far away?
Why was there such a long break?
Why are there no remaining judges?
Why had the work stopped?
What was the reason for this imposed break?\n
What caused the break?
What year is this article referring to?
How President Boris Yeltsin suspended the court for backing?
Why did Yeltsin think he could disband the parliament?
Why did he suspend the court?
Who was this showdown between?
What violent events occurred during that fall?
How new law required?
Why did they require more members?
What agreement did they reach to allow them to keep their seats?
Who had worked for Yeltsin's office?
Why were so many candidates linked to Yeltsin?
Why did it take so long?
Why were these candidates being turned down?
Who confirmed for nominatin?
Who was he nominated by?
What was president clintons deadline?
Why was there a strike? 
Why was there a Major League Baseball strike?
How did Clinton fail?
Why did the deadline pass?
Why did W.J Usery not present a plan for a settlement?
Why did he not present? 
Why did Usery not present his plan?
What was the unfair labor practice charge?
Why did they file an unfair labor practice charge? 
How many other charges were there prior to this one?
What did the charges allege?
Why was it not exactly a banner day?
Why is the issue around $2 billion?
How should they figure this out?
Why was there such discontent among both sides?
How was it illegal?
What was the illegal expression of national pride? 
What is considered an illegal expression of national pride?
what is his name?
How is patriotism offensive?
of which year?
What defines normal cohabitation? 
What is provocative about singing your national anthem?
Why are things becoming more tense?
Is there a reason why most Hungarians live in Transylvania? 
"What makes this law different, or sensitive compared to other laws?"
definition of this word?
What did the Prime Minister do? 
How was he snubbed?
how was he snubbed?
What caused the investigation?
What was the reason for the investigation?
Who is the former top official at American Honda Motor Co.?
What is a kickback investigation?
What was the conspiracy or plan?
How did a conspiracy to commit mail fraud occur?
How did he tamper with witnesses?
Why did they offer a plea agreement?
Who is John Billmyer?
Who is Dennis Joselyn?
What were the executives trying to fraud people over?
Who are these 15 the former Honda and Acura executives?
What court - where?
What was her role in the hijacking of the airliner?
Why could she not face extradition?
why cant she be turned over?
Is this a specific court in Norway?
what are her credentials?
Is this a specific court in Norway?
is she a murderer too?
What happened in the 1977 hijacking?
Were there other survivors?
What was the motive behind the hijacking?
How did she survive the event?
Were the other hijackers killed by the police?
Why were charges not brought up back when the event happened?
Why does the alliance have to evacuate?
Why would peacekeepers need to be evacuated
What happened in Bosnia that might necessitate evacuation?
How is Helmut Kohl related to the situation? What role does she play?
Has the U.S. Army General reached out to other governments in the region for aid?
What does 'blue helmets' refer to?
"Why are the 24,000 U.N. leaving? "
Why would the UN forces decide to leave?
What was the objective of the original mission?
How would these allied nations go about gathering these resources?
Which other nations would be involved with this covering?
What type of initiatives?
What does the new package of initiatives consist of?
How will these initiatives work?
What did they think needed to occur?
Why is it self-defeating?
How is it possible to stop it?
How would the authorities be reinforced?
What will the border states use the money for?
Which agencies would receive these directives?
How will federal agencies crackdown on illegal immigration?
How is the priority given?
What is a Grand Master? 
How did he miss several chances? 
Are semifinals always ten games?
Under what other circumstances can a chess game be a draw? 
How is the game agreed drawn? 
Do players need to agree?
How long did that take?
How many chess matches end in a drawer? 
Why did they settle on a draw?
How long is the average chess game? 
What does split points mean? 
What does BE3 mean in this context? 
0
Is this a chess move?
How did he realize he was playing for a draw?
What makes them superstars?
How did they dominate?
When was the opening day?
how did he get so successful?\n
How does this time compare to the top records for this event?
Where in Russia is he from?
How many has he won?
Is this a record?
why were swimmers from countries of fewer people than larger countries so successful?\n
How close is this time difference in the sport of swimming?
Is this a common sport in New Zealand?
What were her times and by how much did she prevail in each event?
What were her times?
why is the 50 meters her event of choice?\n
How does this time compare to the world records?
Where in Germany is she from?
How far ahead?
Was she the only Australian?
What year is the article from?
Is this really the goal of Monopoly? What is the appropriate age range?
Who are Parker Brothers?
What other games did Parker Brothers make?
Is Monopoly really allowed in countries such as Russia and China?
How does Monopoly rank among Hasbro Inc's many toy and game brands?
Would Monopoly be considered a classic capitalist themed board game?
What are the responsibilities of this role?
Why were they on strike?
what date?
Why didn't Usery disclose the plans?
Who qualified this Usery that the Clinton administration shall heed him? 
What was the reason behind the the strike?
What was the ultimate result of the settlement?
Why a meeting at the white house?
Who were the participants of the massacre?
What was the impetus for these types of killings?
does this mean family and friends?
What are the motives behind these killings?
What steps are being taken by the Colombian president?
What are the details of the investigation?
What did this investigation uncover? 
Did the victims belong to any particular group?
"In what manner(s) has \""some resistance\"" been evidenced by North Korea?"
What does some resistance mean?
What does key role entail?
What role did South Korea receive in this arms deal?
"Why is North Korea registering \""some resistance\"" to the key role given to South Korea?"
How important is the role given to South Korea in the U.S.-North Korean nuclear deal?
How confident are U.S. officials that this disagreement can be overcome?
Why would Pyongyang agree to dismantle South Korea's nuclear program?
Are there any details of N. Korea's nuclear program?
Why did they choose Such Korea to supply the two reactors to North Korea?
In what other ways are they still an obstacle?
What are these obstacles Pyongyang is talking about?
Why would U.S officials thought they had won North Korea's acquiescence to the terms?
Why is the senior U.S. official confident that the dispute can be surmounted?
Why were they at odds?
How would the resignation possibly avoid a new set of elections?
What type of government was this new prime minister under?
What 'former communists'?
What is this governing coalition made up of?
Why was the government holding off on pushing for economic reforms?
Why for tolerating? Is Walesa corrupt?
how did he do it?
Who holds the remaining seats?
Why was there a confrontation with President Walesa?
Why would this lead to confrontation?
What's the nature of the potential confrontation?
Why did Poland's prime minister confront President Walsea?
Why did the Prime Minister step down?
How is the Democratic Left Alliance Party different from the prime minister's party?
How did Walesa attack Pawlak's government?
What types of corruption and inefficiency were seen?
Why are economic reforms needed?
Why did he dissolve parliament in 1993?
How did he help topple the comunists regime?
Why is he opposed to communists?
Why is Walsea opposed to communists?
What are renamed former communists?
Why were there bullet holes in the windows?
What does Viva ANC mean?
Where is the church located? 
What does this mean?
What is ANC?
Where is this church located?
Why were rallies and funerals held in it?
What is a political funeral?
What type of rallies and political funerals? 
Who was the group the ANC was shooting at?
What damage was done? 
Who are Sowetans? 
What is at the heart of this conflict?
What makes it a landmark?
What was his campaign about?
Does Makobane conduct these campaigns often to repair damages?
Which musicians are participating?
How do prosecuters know that the dog's wail was plaintive?
What would a dog's wail indicate in a murder timeline?
what does distinctive barking sound like?
how many witnisses testified of the plaintive wail?
How much weight is placed on such an incredibly weak piece of evidence?
How does anybody know which dog was actually barking at the time?
what time did this happen?
When did he leave?
Is there anyone who can support his alibi?
Who are the two sides referred to?
Which two sides is the article talking about?
why are they striking?
Which two sides? Union vs MLB?
What triggered the cause for the strike?
Who are the participants of this negotiation?
does it mean quickly?
Was there a lockout in the baseball Major League in 1994?
did baseball end up coming back?
What particular point lead him to feel optimistic?
"Which organizations or unions are striking, and what are they asking for?"
What was the point(s) of contention that held up negotiations for six month?
Why was there a crackdown taking place at this time?
are there that many pacific countries?
What sort of anti-media actions were taking place?
is he being racist?
What would constitute these types of conditions?
which year was it?
What is his name?
What was the reason for the interrogation?
What is the name of this activist?
What type of drug was he addicted to?
What makes it controversial?
Why is it a controversial program?
Is this the only way AIDS is contracted?
Who pays for these needles?
What is done with the dirty needles?
How bad is the problem overseas?
Are these hot spots for drug users?
How successful was the program in these countries at the time?
Why was Vietnam and Thailand targeted?
Who might have been a poet or a teacher?
"Who is this talking about, why does it matter that they are slender? What are they now?"
Why would have made them a poet or teacher?
Why is he stalking Russian troops?
Why does Russians dread this most? 
What is the characteristic that makes him seem unlikely to be a sniper?
Why is he an unlikely killer?
What type of rules are they marching against?
What are all of the rules?  The paragraph only gives one.
"If this is the case, why do they discriminate in the institution?"
How does the university derive its authority?
were the demonstrators all women?
Why are they being confined?
what other regulations?
Why were they confined to their dorms?
What is sexist?
What male chauvinism had they experienced
What is chauvinism?
Is this more or less than average in Bangladesh
What are these rules?
What other regulations are imposed upon the female students?
What are the 40-year-old rules?
Why do women ignore rules?
why are they not allowed to leave?
How can university scrap rules?
what is his name?
where is Chechnya?
what does this stand for?
How do his views on sending inexperienced troops compare to army leadership as a whole?
What is his name?
Why are they too inexperienced?
what is he captain of?
who is his command?
why are the vehicles decrepit?
Why is their government sending them so unprepared?
Why are they using decrepit vehicles?
Why do they suspect he opposes the operation?
what reasons?
How trustworthy is the source and what kind of political agenda might they have?
Why is it necessary to use military force in the region?
dismissed by whom?
Where does the national slalom ski team compete?
When is the slalom ski season?
What factors will determine the success of a recovery?
How are dislocated vertebrae treated?
Who were they?
What is Japan's second-largest brewery
Whew did this happen?
What is its name?
What was the rationale for the extortion?
Which brewery is this?
what company is it?
who are the executives?
How widespread is the sokaiya?
Who are they?
How many people are in the sokaiya to pull off these threats?
Why do they want to kill them?
How would the sokaiya be paid if the death threat letters did not make any demands?
Where did the news reports get these numbers?
Are these eight companies all located in Tokyo or are they located in different cities?
How many are there in total?
What is the other 20%?
Why did they stage a strike?
How far are they overdue?
Why have the wages and subsidies not been paid?
Why were the wages not paid? 
Who did they supply coal to?
Why did they stop supplying coal?
Why are they being ignored?
Why this date?
What is the benefit of early elections?
Why was a resignation demanded if it is unlikely to happen?
Why is the government ignoring their demands? 
How many did that total?
How can they get away with not paying wages?
How many plants?
How long has the money been owed for? 
Why are the suits bulky?
Why are the astronauts going on a spacewalk?
What will the spacewalk be required to repair?
How many experiments were conducted on Wednesday?
What is a telescope release?
What telescope was released?
What were the experiments intended to study?
How does a spacewalk take place?
The 'first black' what? 
Prime Minister of which country?
What types of scandals were effecting his government?
who is calling for his resignation and why?
Bring forward to when?
Why was this term used to describe the overall tenor of the country?
how is his government stable?
Why was the government possibly hunting down separatists?
Who is he and what is he doing wrong?  Is he leading the militants?
why were militants arrested
Why was there a crackdown?
why do the palestinians want to harm the israelis?
who will be included in the court
What is a special court?
Why the creation of such a court?
"if they are so serious, then why have there been so many attacks in the past?\n"
where was the commenting of the spokesman published
What does it mean to mean business?
what does this group stand for?\n
Why is the group radical?
What is the reasoning for being opposed to a peace process?
how many are in this group?\n
what was the number of members in detention before
What caused the crash to occur?
Was there another party involved in the accident?
Was the surgery successful?
How serious is it?
Is the injury recoverable?
When will they be able to say?
How long is the season?
when will we know if the injury is permanent?
Where exactly was the damage?
Why did it take so many surgeons?
How did they reduce the pressure?
Why was the treaty challenged?
What is Savimbi's reason for challenging the treaty?
Why did Jonas Savimbi challenge the treaty?
What was he skeptical about with the treaty?
What were the groups fighting for during the civil war?
"What kind of \""grave doubts\"" did Savimbi have about the treaty?"
What does Savimbi want for the Angolan people?
Why weren't Angolan people considered in the treaty?
What part of the negotiation is Savimbi discontent about?
What would that money be used for exactly?
What is the nature of the comments?
Who and what are the racial comments about?
What did the comments entail?
What did the president say that is considered 'racial comments'?
Does the university president have a reputation for making controversial or racist statements?
Who criticized him?
What was the basis for the chancellor's comments?
Who has been criticizing him? Have there been any consequences to his remarks?
Were the people circling the group hostile to the students in the center?
What did the banners say?
Why is the concept called lean?
What are some of the hallmarks of lean production?
When did they get lectured before?
Why don't they get lectured?
What led to this downturn?
Does this refer to American car manufacturers?
How did the Japanese leave Americans in their wake?
How were costs minimized?
Can we verify this?
How was his campaign being stifled?
Why did former President Kenneth Kaunda accused the government of stifling his campaign?
Why does President Kenneth Kaunda wants to fight his way back in elections next year?
How does the President plan to get back in power?
Which Wednesday is this? What is the specific date?
Why would he manage to fight his way back?
How did the government try to stifle his campaign?
Why did the police want to cancel his rallies?
Why were Kaunda's rallies cancelled?
Why were Kaunda's rallies cancelled by police?
Who are the police? A station or specific department?
Why is campaigning an issue?
Why were his rallies cancelled?
Why did the police prevent the rallies?
What was the reasoning behind the bans on political meetings?
Why did President Frederick Chiluba's governing party put bans on political meetings?
Why were their bans on political meetings?
How does Kaunda plan on beating them at their own game?
How will the former president manage this?
What type of benefits was he claiming he was owed?
Why did the government fail to pay benefits he was due as a head of state?
What benefits are these?
Why was this movement important?
Why were these the first democratic elections in decades?
Why was he denied the benefits?
"Why is it a \""very bad idea\""?"
Why did he think this would not be constructive?
why did he think this?
Who was the head of the U.S. House of Representatives at the time of this article?
What other issues did Newt think should be focused on?
what other issues?
What are some examples of other issues Gingrich referred to?
How long has the Major League Baseball strike lasted?
Who put Major League Baseball as a congressional issue that needed congressional intervention?
what is the name of the book distributor
How was the person discovered?
at what time body found
which relatives identified the body
Why had he traveled to this town?
when were the phone calls made
When did these calls come in?
how did they understand that he was killed only shortly before he was found?
What characteristics allowed the pathologist to determine the time of death?
How did the pathologist find out that Romero was killed shortly before he was found?  
What exactly were these differences?
which leaders / from which countries?
what does this mean?
What caused the dissatisfaction?
what differences?
Which differences are these?
Why has his personality changed in this capacity?
How often have the flashes occured?
Towards what exactly?
Why so few?
Why was he less likely to go against the Clinton administration?
Was his platform when running opposed to these issues?
How would internationalizing it help the US?
When is he planning this?
How many game are there in the Super Cup?
who scored the goals?
Why was there a stabbing death at the football stadium?
What happened at the stabbing?
What's the story here?
why was the fan stabbed?
Who are some key members of the Milan team?
Why was the fan stabbed to death?
"again, what's the story here?"
but not totally silent?
How late in the season did Goldberger have this sort of lead?
What is the date of Wednesday night?
What country is Lysgardsbakken in?
How long has Takanobu Okabe been ski jumping?
Are the ski jump scores respectively?
"What does \""meets\"" mean?"
Who are the four Norwegians that placed?
What recent military defeats did Angola's rebel leader deny?
In what ways is Angola's leader a rebel?
Why did the rebel leader give a qualified endorsement and what makes it qualified?
What is his name?  How long has he been leading the rebels?\n
How impactful were these defeats?
With whom did Savimbi engage in a rare interview?
Why did they retreat there?
Who conducted this interview?
Why did Savimbi retreat to this particular town?
Will Savimbi outline the conditions of mutual respect to which refers?
What type of conditions?  Does he want to be acknowledged as legitimate in any way?
What would be the conditions that would satisfy this qualification?
In what other ways has Savimbi implied that he does not fully support the agreement?
Why did the U.N. have to get involved in these negotiations?
Why didn't Savimbi support the agreement?
In what behaviors did Savimbi engage that would indicate he was hedging about the peace accord?
Why won't UNITA accept the peace accord?
Was this interview filmed/recorded?
Why would they be unlikely to accept the terms?
What was causing the raids and fighting?
Where in Brazil did the talks resume
Why were Peru and Ecuador fighting?
Why does Peru claim the posts are in their territory?
How had they dislodged the forces
Why did Peru dislodge Ecuador's forces from the bases all of a sudden?
Why did the troops surround Tiwintza?
From who had they come under attack? 
Why did the border posts come under attack?
why were the prices declined
what date?
who were the foreigners
How is this being done?
which companies
which companies?
Why did the troops fire on the civilians?
why did they do this?
Who is the other party disputing the territory with Indonesia?
why did they speak with australia?
Why did the troops shoot civilians in the first place? What was the dispute with civilians?
What did the final report say about the investigation?
how big is the team?
What does this direction mean in Navajo theology?
What is the purpose of using corn pollen specifically when blessing the flag? 
Why did it have to orbit clockwise? 
What is the ritual behind the blessing?
How did the clockwise orbit fit with the beliefs of tribal medicine men?
what was the item that was taken to space?
What was the specific plight that they faced? 
What were these tribal items?
Did this tribal item bring Harris a sense of pride of his nationality?
what is the specific purpose of medicine men? 
what possible spiritual traditions could have been violated? 
What would happen if the tradition is violated?
How does one bless a flag?
when is the article being written?
How did that happen?
how long was she unemployed?
they didnt remark about it?
what kind of store is it?
what's the story here?
why does this matter?
Why was he limping?
Where did this happen?
Why did he make the bomb?
Why would Leary be charged for this crime?
What country and city is this station located?
Where did this firebombing take places? What are the other details of the incident?
How did these two incidents get linked together? Was there similarity between the two bombs?
Why is he in the hospital?
What is Leary's defense?
Why do they say it was part of a plan to extort cash? Was there a ransom or blackmail?
How did this all start?
How many previous incidences were there?
What was the reason for the ban?
Is the ban nationwide? What types of firecrackers are banned?
"Were there any restrictions on fireworks before, or were the previous restrictions simply not strict enough?"
Why are there so many fires resulting from poor firecracker use?
What is a 'lunar New Year'?
Are firecrackers allowed in rural areas?
Why is this educator unlikely to pay the fine?
How does their government have the power to do this?
How was the article critical of the judiciary?
Who's assets were frozen?
Why is he unlikely to pay?
I'm not clear on this - what is the article?
How long has this been against the law?
Why does he no longer teach?
What were the charges against him?
Why did he write the article?
Did these events lead up to the resignation?
How large is this fine compared to ones associated with other crimes?
Why did Mr. Lingle not have representation?
Why did he return to the US?
Why was he not presented?
Why is he refusing to pay?
Why was he fined less?
Were they all found guilty of the same thing?
How much were they fined?
What is the trans-Atlantic agenda?
What will this new agenda contain?
Why is there an arms embargo on Bosnia?
Why did the lawmakers want to lift the arms embargo?
"Why is Germany considered the \""Dominant Power\"" in Europe?"
"If not Italian Food, what is the special relationship they share?"
"How did Jonas Savimbi look more like a 1970's singer compared to a \""commandante\""?"
to which movement does this refer?
What is the planned outcome of this movement?
why was it bombed out?
How is the congress of UNITA significant?
coming out as what?
Why is it notable that Savimbi was the main attraction of this congress?
Why did the defeats ultimately occur?
Where did his forces suffer the defeats?
Why are these positions vacant?
Why had the cabinet posts stayed empty for so long?
What country is P.V. Narasimha Rao the prime minister of?
Which cabinet posts are empty?
Where are these vacancies?
How is he planning to do that?
When in the day?
When exactly will this happen?
How are the elections crucial for Rao?
Which states are holding legislative elections?
Who has been waiting?
How does it coincide?
why are they considered crucial?
What are the divisions within the party?
Why were there intraparty divisions?
Which ministries is he in charge of?
Criticized for what?
How many did he fail to fill?
Why did they quit?
What was their rationale for quitting the cabinet?
Why did the ministers quit?
Why did they quit?
what was dramatic about the game
Was this during the regular season or the playoffs?
What classifies a dramatic game in hockey?
Why was this game considered dramatic?
what would 2 seconds change in the game
When did the hockey league allow ties as a final score?
How long is a hockey game?
Why is two seconds an important number?
What does regulation mean?
Is this not against the rules?
What makes him so distinguished?
at what time other goals were scored
Were there any other tight games played the same night?
Why should China be considered a developing country? In some aspects they are more technologically advanced than us possibly.
What does a status as a developing country offer to a country in a trade dispute
they want to be considered developing?
What are these demands?
"What is this dispute, and what does it entail?"
What are these briefings and why are they weekly?
What kind of demands are being disputed?
Why is the U.S. position unreasonable? Why would China's position be reasonable?
Is this actual war or something else?
What are sanctions and what do they do?
How long has these disputes lasted for the term 'last-ditch' to be used? 
What kind of sanctions are involved?
What does each party want for a successful agreement?
What protections are these?
What kind of benchmark is being used for 'better enforcement?'
What has China already done for its part?
What are some examples of these protections that are unrealistic?
How did Fogdoe's spinal cord get injured?
What caused the damage?
How did he damage his spinal chord?
How did he hurt his spinal cord?
Was there mitigating circumstances to why he hit the tree?
Why was there a tree so close to the training course?
Why did he hit this tree? Were they unmaintained?
Does this resort have many accidents?
Why did the surgery take so long?
How far was this emergency flight?
How long does it usually take before they know if his spinal cord is permanently damaged?
How long before they do know?
When do the doctors think the swelling will go down so they can know?
"How is he \""fighting\"" with his body?"
Why is this before the rivals name and not after? I think this is improperly placed.
What city?
What caused the landslide?
What caused the landslide?
Where is it located exactly?
"If 6 to 10 inches is a slow-moving landslide, what constitutes a fast landslide?"
Are these buildings in residential or commercial areas?
What sorts of materials are adding to the weight that is causing the landslide?
Was there heavy rainfall or earthquake recently that caused the landslide?
How is this responsible for the landslide?
How thick was this snow during the winter?
Why had the Chinese navy been accused of this intrusion?
What did China deny?
How large is China's Navy?
Do the Phillipines officially own this territory?
Who owns the Spratly Islands?
How many warships does China own?
Where were the warships spotted and by who?
What statement was made?
How many vessels were seen?
Where did the Chinese Foreign Ministry claim the warship should have been if he denied the accusation?
What makes him a senior official?
Why the confusion over who owns all these islands?
Do they officially own this territory?
Is there a way to officially own the Islands?
Which country originally owned the Spratlys?
What kind of headway is being made?
Why is named rebel capital?
How did they clamp down?
Where is this in relation to Grozny?
Why were the Russians firing on these villages?
Why did Russian forces clamp down?
Why did they travel there?
To wage battle against who?
Why are the guarding the approach?
A tense group of fighters?
Why do the Chechen fighters not wage battle in Grozny any longer?
What kind of explosions?
What was causing these explosions?
Why was such extreme force like gunships needed?
Who was speaking?
What does this consist of?
Why did the gunships leave?
Were they welcome there?
What has been destroyed?
Why were refugees heading to this particular area?
Why did they travel to Ingushetia over other places?
why is this worth sending someone to prison over?\n
What were the charges?
What was the woman's involvement that she was convicted of?
What is this woman's name?
What were the charges?
What was the level of her involvement?
why is this illegal?
What does subversion entail?
What type of subversion was being looked at?
How many cases were there in total?
what made them deserve such different sentences?\n
What all of their charges the same?
Why did the terms range?
how does the movement plan to set up an islamic state?
Why did the separatist movement want to set up their own seat of power?
How exactly was she supporting this group?
What is the goal of this movement?
Why do they want to set up in that province?
why would she admit this?
What activities did she engage in?
Why did they feel she was undermining the government?
What is the state ideology?
Why are the field officers low ranking? 
Why was the assault so poorly executed?
When did they breakaway?
Why are they attacking?
How long has Yeltsin been in office? 
What was his evidence that the attacks were politically motivated?
What are the media saying about him?
In what way was the operation mishandled? 
Why were junior officers put in charge of this attack?
Why were junior officers sent to do such a job?
Where is Grozny? 
how did this even happen?
Who is taking responsibility?
Why was Chechnya invaded? 
What industry are the workers in?
What sort of broken promises were accused?
What promises were broken?
Why were there tensions between the workers and the Romanian town?
How much of an increase?
How large of an increase was being called for?
Why did the workers feel that hefty pay increases were necessary?
What were the demands?
How was the plant damaged?
What type of mismanagement was taking place at the factory?
How was the plant mismanaged such that the workers decided to strike?
How was he suspected?
What is his name?
How did they capture him?
How was he discovered at the hotel?
Why did he waive off the interpreter?
Which are the most serious charges?
Why did he not comment?
Was he leaving in Switzerland?
What did the court approve?
Why did they approve this extradition?
Who is the accuser?
Who is the grandson of former Communist ruler Todor Zhivkov?
Why did he appeal?
Why would he a victim of political vendetta?
Why will he be a victim of a political vendetta against his family?
Why was there a vendetta?
Why didn't he serve it yet?
What were those regulations?
Do they proof of the embezzlement?
Why hasn't he been jailed for this?
How much state funds did he embezzle?
Why had he not served his term?
How long is he supposed to be on jail?
Why was his grandfather ousted?
Why did the Bulgarian authorities opened criminal proceedings against him?
What was he studying?
Where did he go?
Was there a warrant out for his arrest?
Why were they dismissed?
Why did the President sack two top army generals?
Why did Russian President sacked two top army generals?
How did a rank of deputy defence minister get sacked?
why dd he sack them?
Why were they relieved of their duties?
Why did the President use a Yeltsin decree?
How does a Yeltsin decree relieved them of their duties?
How was he corrupt?
How was this person acting to be defined as corrupt?
Why is he long rumoured and openly accused of being corrupt by the Russian media?
Why is the Defense Minister actively backing Burlakov?
Why is Grachev actively backing Burlakov?
How is Burlakov involved in the assassination of a reporter?
How is Burlakov involve in the military corruption investigated by a reporter?
Why are Norwegians celebrating and mourning at the same time?
Why are they happy and sad?
Why are they celebrating?
Why are they mourning?
What are they mourning?
What does it mean to keep a stiff upper lip?
Why do the town folk want to recapture the spirit?
According to whom?
How are they turning out?
What do the children get to do as part of the Olympics?
"Why did the newspaper include the \""for now\""?"
Do they plan on hosting again?
Do they expect to host the Olympics again some day?
What had the movement done to be outlawed?
Why is he hospitalized?
Why was he under house arrest?
What condition is he receiving medical care for?
why was he receiving medical care
Why is he under house arrest?
Why is he receiving medical care?
who spread the rumors
How does Madani's health issues lead to anti-government sentiment?
Why was Ali Belhadj moved to another residence?
which hospital is mandani in
What was leading to the food shortages?
Why has this region been besieged?
What is besieging this region?
What was driving them to fight the governmental military?
Why are they fighting?
How many groups are fighting each other in this region?
What types of progress had taken place?
What progress are these?
How often does the U.N. make efforts to deliver food to the civilians?
Why did he lack sufficient staff?
Why was there a lack of sufficient staff? 
Who were these six people? 
Why was the violence taking place?
Why did he lack sufficient staff\n
Are so many men armed because of the lack of a strong police force? Or for more nefarious reasons?
Why are so many people armed? 
Why are so many people armed at this time?
Why is it the hardest hit district?
How does a mass shooting appear highly organized?
Who is organizing the shootings? 
What are the identifying factors that seem to give rise to this conclusion?
What would they need to counter terrorism?
Why are they not equipped? 
Why are they not equipped?
Why has it been plagued for over 30 years??
What has caused the killings to be so bad during the past week? 
Why is there political violence in this region?
How is it one of the worst hit regions? Stats?
Why does Greece need these assurances? Have the other members been hesitant to discuss Cyprus' membership?
Why does Greece want Cyprus to have membership?
What sort of membership discussions was Cyprus having at the time?
Does Greece back Cyprus as a member of the EU?
What is a customs union?
"Is the Greek government negative on the matter of Turkey's customs union because they're negative on it, but willing to compromise, or strictly in a bid to force membership talks with Cyprus?"
How does Venizelos want EU positions improved?
Why is Greece holding such a position?
How can the government detects the possibility to continue talks?
Why haven't they yet?
What type of changes were taking place?
What does this entail?
What are these technical problems?
What are the issues with Turkey's human rights record?
"What are the limits, who wants to put them in place, and why?"
Why were there limits on some citizens' movements in Turkey?
What is problematic about free movement of Turkish citizens?
What are the other problems?
What type of aggression would take place?
When are the remaining 3 submarines expected to be delivered?
Is the Jane's Defense Weekly a state publication?
of which year?
How big is this submarine?
Why was the current fleet so outdated?
"What were the last additions to China's current fleet, and when were they added?"
the technology is better now?
what do they attack?
Why do these photos offend the Orthodox Jewish community?
What would this new memorial include?
What will this memorial accomplish?
Why were such photographs included in the museum?
Were the photographs displayed out in the open or another offensive way?
Which state museum is this?
What is the division between devout and secular Jews in Israel like?
What is the source of the chasm?
Why did the Museum reject the request?
What are the differences between devout and secular Jews?
Has the Jewish community faced rifts of this size before?
What policies do the Meretz party support?
How many political parties are active in the region?
Is there a more dignified way for the Orthodox community to try and resolve this issue?
Why is the orthodox Jews' offense bargaining?
Why does Dov Shilansky believe a historical museum is reducing the memory to 'street bargaining'?
How was the anniversary commemorated?
What do the opposing sides of the issue say about the controversy?
How was this estimate made?
Which island is the article referring to?
Which island?
Why was there a strike for higher pay?
Which Friench island is this?
How much were the bank employees underpaid to draw this much support?
"How was it determined that \""nearly\"" all shops were closed?"
Why did compliance vary?
Where did all this support come from? Were the bank employees that badly treated?
Why did the march end?
Why has the strike dragged on for so long?
Why was the strike lasting for so long?
What caused the strike to drag on for so long?
Why did they fail to agree?
What were their political positions?
What issues are preventing them from settling disputes?
of which year?
Does this mean they intend to come to an agreement soon?
what will they discuss this time?
"How, exactly, will this be done?"
how many months has it been?
How often are these attacks?
Why didn't David defeat Goliath?
Why ere the blows unexpected?
Why did the blows harm Goliath's ego?
How were the Russian troops so heavily-armed?
"What did go wrong, enabling poorly equipped fighters to hold off heavily armed Russian troops?"
Why is the war headed into the countryside?
What are the reasons?
Why were some units not training together in case they needed to work in unison?
Why hadn't the units trained together?
What exactly is a sweeping securities fraud indictment?
How can they police the exchange of insider tips and how can they prove it?
How much in profits?
How often does Wall Street corruption occur?
What occurred during the 1980s?
What is wire fraud? 
Who fed the defendants the illicit tips?
What do they mean specifically when they say securities and how does this affect the company?
Who fed them the illicit tips
Who fed them the tips?
When did the first case on insider trading occur?
How does insider trading lead to the rise in stock prices of target companies?
Why is he no longer a Mets slugger?
What problems exactly?
Pled guilty to what?
in which court?
How and when did he start getting out of control with drugs and alcohol.
Why was this bargain offered?
Why exactly was he suspended?
How many times did he fail?
Why was he suspended?
What would the change be based upon?
What other reports?
Why not do the promised probable sentence of three months.
What are the rules of home confinement?
What kind of job?
Does he have any job prospects?
during which season?
what kind of job? during or after his home confinement?
Why does he get to play?
Why is there only one art expert reviewing thousands of art pieces?
Why was the art carried off by the army?
Why did the army take the art?
How was Christoph Hans Von Imhof chosen to review the pieces of art?
Save them from what?
Why is the location of the objects a secret?
What exactly are the responsibilities of this agency?
Why are the objects being hidden?
What are the details of the dispute?
What is the nature of the dispute?
What types of assets were being disputed by the nations?
which players are these?
What does this mean?
How are they in the lead?
What is a birdie?
What score is the lead?
Where was the Ryder Cup being played at during this year?
Why is it the last?
Why is it his last?
Why was she angry?
Why did she get indignant?
Who are the skeptics?
who is she and what happened? 
What are the methods involved in identifying such remains?
Why were people skeptical about the location of the tomb?
Why did he say that?
How many archaeologists?
where was the conference and what as it about?
Why were they shouting?
what does this word mean in this context ?
How can the location of a tomb be anecdotal?
How did she do this?
Where is the location?
who is the conqueror? what is the importance of this person to the context of the article ?
How did the remains of Alexander the Great end up here?
Why did she wait so long to have a public meeting?
Why did people feel this way?
What did they do to find evidence?
Why did they doubt?
What is the Siwa oasis? 
What are some things that would be considered hard evidence?
"If more time was needed, then why denounce the finding?"
What Caribbean country?
How have the schools been affected?
Why was the strike taking place?
What caused the strike?
What Caribbean country is this?
Is this order mandatory?
Who employs these negotiators?
What took place in the meeting?
What agreements were reached at the meeting?
What issue is unresolved?
How much of a raise are they expecting?
Mediated by whom?
Why were the teachers not able to secure their raises?
What issues were previously resolved?
How have the schools been affected?
How did this campus remain untouched by the dispute?
Why wasn't this school effected?
Why was this campus unaffected by the teaching labor dispute?
Why were those dates chosen?
How many are in one sector?
How many days has the strike been going on?
Why did the teachers divide the island into sectors and stagger their strikes?
Who has conducted the analysis?
How many studies were analyzed to give this type of evidence?
What do the proponents of acupuncture say about its benefits?
what is the evidence?
What types of drugs were considered in this meta-analysis?
How long has acupuncture been in used?
what year was this?
How long will this take?
When will they do this?
How would the effects of acupuncture be studied by scientists? What metrics would they measure?
"Are there other countries, aside from China, who still use acupuncture?"
how does it flow exactly?
What other ailments can be improved by acupuncturists?
What was the rationale behind the attempt?
Why was he trying to kill the Pope?
How was he deported to the U.S.?
Was he prosecuted for his role in the bombing?
How did he attempt to kill the pope?
Why was he arrested and deported?
Were there other suspects?
Why did they believe this to be true?
Why was his transportation to the United States a secret?
What is his defense against these charges?
Why did it have to be a secret?
Was this his lawyers advice?
Why was the Pope visiting the Philippines?
Why did the police raid the apartment?
In what situation did his name surface?
What led them to this apartment?
Why was the Pope visiting the Philippines?
Why was another  Middle Easterner arrested?
Why did the police release few details about this incident?
Why didn't they reveal all of the details?
What did they seize?
How had he eluded capture for so long?
How was he able to elude arrest?
How did he slip out of the country?
How did Yousef slip out of the country?
How long did they elude arrest?
How did he slip out of the country?
Why did this rebellion take place?
How do you decide what weapons caches are major?
How were these stockpiles discovered?
Who tipped off this information that led to the arrest?
Why was the TV address a surprise?
Why did the rebellion take place?
"How violent is the rebellion, and which groups are involved?"
it was not planned?
Why was the cease-fire called?
Why have the peace negotiations floundered?
Why have these talks stalled out?
What are the objectives of the rebels?
why did they flounder?
How were these arsenals discovered?
How widespread is the rebellion?
where do they get these?
Why is she described as ‘slain’?
Why was it rumored that A.C. Cowlings would write a book attacking Nicole Brown Simpson?
What was the friendship between Cowlings and O.J. Simpson like?
Why was Cowlings' name attached to this book proposal?
what does the proposal contain?
Why ‘tarnish’ Nicole - why is there a concern for reputation?
Did Cowlings have a good relationship with Nicole Brown Simpson?
Are allegations about Nicole's drug use accurate?
Why did Cowlings' agent circulate this proposal if Cowlings was not involved with it at all?
What is the Chiapas insurgency? 
Why was the President cracking down? 
Why was a crackdown taking place?
Who are the Chiapas and why are they rising up?
"Why were they going on \""red alert\""?"
"Is the Zapatista National Liberation Army the same group as the Chiapas, or is it their rival?"
Which soldiers?
What are they protecting in the village?
Why was he ordering their arrest? 
What were the charges that were leading to these arrests?
Who is Subcommandante Marcos and how did he come to lead the Zapatista National Liberation Army?
What was the original uprising about? 
When did violence first begin?
Why is Congress for lifting the embargo?
Why is Kohl warning against this?
How is Yeltsin being abandoned?
Why is there an arms embargo?
Why is he specifically against lifting the embargo while congress isn't?
Why was Kohl arguing against abandoning Yeltsin?
Why does Kohl believe it's the wrong time?
"Why does Bosnia want to obtain arms so badly, is war on the horizon?"
Why is now a bad time?
Why does the current embargo exist?
What are 'Serbs'?
How would the process go and how fast would it be for them to obtain sufficient arms after an embargo is lifted?
What are the prospects?
What sort of ties were being discussed at the meeting between Clinton and Kohl?
What will the pact contain?
Who are the diplomats? What country are they from?
"What is an economic pact, and why is the EU signing one with Vietnam?"
"What happened in Germany to have a breakthrough to deport almost 40,000 illegal Vietnamese residents?"
Which countries were involved?
How did Vietnam and the EU resolve the last issue that was blocking the treaty?
When will this be?
Why are they signing the pact during such a short term by France as Union President?
What specific period of time?
Why did they make a committment to take back their emigrants? 
Why is it such a step forward?
What sort of debt did Vietnam have at this time?
"How long ago did these Vietnamese go to former East Germany to help pay off Vietnam's debt to the East German government, and would it be cruel to send them back to Vietnam after this amount of time?"
"If the Vietnamese moved to Germany around 1990, they've been there for nearly 30 years, and why would either government be proud of what they're doing by uprooting these people, again?"
Why did it close generally lower?
Why did prices closed lower? 
Why did the stock exchange closed lower?
What are blue chips in the stock market?
Why did it boost up so high in that amount of time?
What does an increase in turnover mean?
What are gains in share prices?
What caused the profit-taking to hit? 
Why were there gains in the market before this session?
What does profit-taking mean?
Why did investors take profits ahead? 
Why did manufacturing prices increase in the month prior?
What caused this increase?
How do they know the student had ties to the bombing?\n
How was this student tied to the WTC bombing?
How are the two connected?
how were they friends?\n
"Why was the \""mastermind\"" not arrested, just the student?"
How did they know he was in the hotel?
How was he extradited to New York?
How did he help carry out the bombing?
"Was his extradition immediate, or was it contested?"
how did they find out?\n
What is the key index?
Why did Tokyo's stock indices rise on this day?
Does this streak say anything about the economy?
What is the key index?
What was the cause of the losing streak for the Nikkei?
Why had the stock market been falling in Asia before Friday?
What caused the key index to rise on Friday?
How is this different from the key index?
What is a construction issue?
How does hopes for reconstruction spending affect other semi-related markets?
What does 'arbitrage' mean?
"How does the U.S. dollar, if at all change in response to the earthquake?"
What is a typical exchange rate between US dollar and yen?
Why were they fighting? 
What was the reasoning for such heavy fighting?
What is PLO?
What was the catalyst for the fight? 
What event caused the clash?
Why was the activist greeted this way? 
Why was there a prolonged absence?
How did they intervene? 
Were they able to eventually stop the clash?
Who is he?
Was this a genuine passport?
How did he mastermind the WTC explosion?
Who are authorities speaking to here?
How had the person fled so quickly?
Who is alleging?
How was he able to move so freely if he was a wanted man?
Why did he choose the Philippines as another target?
Why did he choose Thailand as another target?
Why did these attacks fail?
How were the attacks found out before they took place?
Why is he mysterious?
How was he captured?
Who captured him and how?
How was Yousef captured?
"How did he become a \""mastermind\"" at such a young age?"
Why did the speaker request anonymity?
What role did U.S. authorities play in tracking Yousef down?
Are there any conclusions for this?
Why didn't he resist?
Where did the allegations come from?
How could it destabilize the region?
Who is making the allegations?
Why do they believe the balance of power could be destabilized?
How could this deal destabilize the region?
Why would the delivery of patrol submarines to China destabilize the balance of power in the region?
Why did Moscow agree to deliver patrol submarines to China?
Why were there previous reports to the contrary?
Who would gain from reporting the subs had already been delivered?
Why have reports given conflicting information?
What does this submarine contain in the way of characteristics?
Why did the Russian official insist on anonymity?
Does China confirm or deny the receipt of one of the patrol submarines?
What are China's interests specifically?
Who has these fears?
What are China's interests in the region?
What is the evidence that this could be the case?
What are China's interests in the region?
What are the benefits to China if it asserts its interests in the region?
Why are they worried?
Which other nations specifically?
Why is this decision very worrisome?
Which other nations are concerned?
"What characteristics do these \""most advanced systems\"" have that previous systems did not have?"
What other nations find Moscow's decision worrisome?
How long has the All-Star game been around?
Why was the floor specially installed?
What does campaign mean in this context?
How was the playing floor installed?
How are these zones being enforced?
What is the specially installed floor made of?
Why does it seem to Ray like they've done little else over the past month?
Why is SRO involved with the All-Star game?
What is it that they've been doing for the last several months?
How did the Suns find workers?
Why does the league call most of the shots?
Why does the league call most of the shots?
Why do the Suns have to complete the plans if the league calls most of the shots?
When is the showcase taking place?
Why are there other activities besides the game?
What rides will be at the theme park?
Why was an ordinance passed?
How was the ordinance passed; was it city or statewide?
Where is the place for touts?
What kind of blasphemy laws does Pakistan have?
What are Pakistan's blasphemy laws?
Are children who commit crimes offered any protections under Pakistani law?
Did the uncle lead or influence the child's behavior?
Are there ever exceptions to this rule?
Does this mean that there are no witnesses or physical evidence?
Why were the witnesses not forced to repeat the slogans in order to determine if they were really written?
Would the people still consider this a fair trial?
How can the court convict defendants for writing slogans that were never heard or seen in court?
Is there any proof that the slogans were written?
Why have religion-inspired laws become more prominent?
Why were these laws introduced then?
Why have the executions not been performed?
Why have none of the convicted been executed yet?
Are they given a date to when they are suppose to be executed?
Does the government intend to begin executing people convicted under these laws?
Why was geography banned?
Why did Estonia's children not speak their native language in school for 50 years?
Why was their country not marked as independent before?
Was Estonia under the rule of another country?
Why is Estonia now independent from the old Soviet Union.
Why was the country in such dire need of cash?
"Why could they not pay $100,000?"
So did old Soviet atlases erase Estonia?
does the team have a formal name? where are they from?
What world record does he hold?
Why did they have to take over the team?
Why was he controversial?
What are the details of this excessive discipline?
What sort of discipline did they find to be excessive?
Who were they looking at for this replacement?
What year?
What conflict is being fought over?
Where is Bihac located?
Why did Bosnian government and rival Serb forces fought heavy infantry battles?
Why are both sides struggling?
Why would Serbia disallow any aid into the capital?
Why was he arrested for working with the government? 
What aid is the U.N. providing the city?
Why did tension increase in Sarajevo?
Why was a Serb working with the UN aid agency arrested?
Why didn't UN intervene earlier?
Why did these groups not sign the truce?
Why did they not sign the truce? 
Who are the parties who signed the truce and why was it broken?
Why did they not sign a truce that took effect on Jan 1?
Why as the fight in the northwest pitted Muslim-led government troops against Serbs from nearby forces opposed to the government?
What was the basis for these demonstrations?
Why were the demonstrations necessary?
Why were the schools going to be reorganized?
"What is a \""Premier\""?"
Why was he visiting these cities?
Why was this location poignant for the students to march towards?
Is the idea to limit based on financial reasons?
Why would the the text limit this possibility described in the text?
Why would the students have been limited in their graduate studies?
Why was freedom of choice being limited excessively?
Why did Moscow agree to supply China with four submarines?
Why would the deal upset the balance of power in Asia?
What would the subs be used for?
What are the other Asian countries in contention?
Why has the diesel submarine not been delivered?
"How credible is the news from \""The Interfax news agency\""?"
How credible is the editor for Jane's Defense Weekly magazine? Where did he get this information from?
why China?
Why would this be worrisome for China's neighbors? 
Why would Moscow sell China with their most advanced system? 
How would this be used to upset nearby nations?
How are these subs advanced in a way that is threatening?
Which neighbors?
Why would China consider Taiwan part of its territory?
Is China buying these submarines mainly to block Taiwan?
Why would China wish to blockade Taiwan?
where is this organization from specifically ?
"What is this legal battle over smoking, and what does it entail?"
What do these documents say? A link to those published documents might prove useful here.
Why is there a legal battle over smoking?
Why are they deemed controversial?
"I feel this is a little unfair, isn't smoking a choice? are the risks not labeled on the boxes? "
How would these low income people sign up for this?
What other smoking related illnesses will be covered? Someone might have one not on the list of approved illnesses.
Why only 200?
How will they be reimbursed for the damages?
why are they leaking these documents and what is their importance 
How were he documents leaked?
How will these documents be instrumental in the future?
how many lawsuits do they have ?
Is it legal to use any of the leaked information against them in a lawsuit? How could this affect Brown and Williamson?
How are the documents being used against them?
Why have they been fighting to keep the documents from being used against them?
why did they hide the information?
"How long have cigarette companies produced such harmful products, have cigarettes ever been without additives?"
How did so many organizations get copies of the documents?
How did they manage to hide the information for so long?
What measures does the Polish government intend to implement to prevent further rising food prices?
What was causing the price spike at this time?
What triggered consumer price increases?
Which countries have agreed to Deputy Finance Minister Ryszard Pazura's proposal guaranteeing duty-free imports?
How much is in the state reserves?
What measures does the Treasury intend to employ to curb monopoly practices?
What sort of monopoly practices were taking place?
What policies are they going to use against retailers who set high prices?
"What are the current and proposed changes to the \""special\"" duties imposed on imported agricultural products?"
Which imported products were having duties placed upon them?
How will this protect Polish farmers?
What is the current rate of price growth in Poland?
What are some other reasons why prices are increasing in Poland?
Who is Salman Rushdie?
Why is there a death order against Salman?
How can a death order exist if it isn't intentional?
When was this statement issued?
What is he implying by this?
What did he do to provoke the Iranian government?
Is this something the Iranian government does?
"Even if they don't explicitly send someone, is letting the order stand a loophole to deny responsibility if he does get killed?"
How old is Rushdie?
How can this be the case if the ambassador has been quoted otherwise?
Is this not contradictory?
What are some of the reasons that make the book blasphemous?
Why was the book blasphemous?
What do they find so offensive about the book?
What actions demonstrated that Estonia was complicit with Chechnya?
How did Russia go about attacking Chechnya?
How did they undermine Russia?
How was Estonia being complicit with Chechnya?
Why is Chechnya claiming a right to self-determination?
What exactly was said that sparked such Russian ire?
What force did the Estonian resolution have?
How would it affect bilateral relations?
How was Estonia complying?
How did he broke the mark in the last two weeks?
Of what country?
A bad day how?
What is her nationality?
How bad was her performance in this event?
Why did Heike Drechsler had a bad day in the long jump?
Was this indoor or oudoor?
By what margin did she lose?
In what state or county?
What are government austerities?
what does this word mean?
The government of what country?
What caused the debates to be so heated?
what happened during this debate?
What country is this article about?
what kind of cuts and for how long?
What specifically was his promise?
where is he from? 
What is a no-confidence motion?
what country is this?
what happened that forced him to call it off two years early?
What party affiliation is Erskine Sandiford?
How much money did this save?
Why did his popularity suffer if the economy got better?
why did he do this if it would hurt his people ?
In what year were the pay cuts implemented?
Why was the money not reaching its destinations?
Why would the money not be spent?
Why had an accurate test not yet been developed?
What caused his death?
In what ways has Mr. Grant's leadership affected the success of UNICEF?
What is UNICEF?
What were the stated goals of UNICEF?
How was Liv Ullmann involved in UNICEF?
Keeping up how? Does she mean he was always busy and hard to track or it was difficult to maintain the same workflow/pace?
Who does he share the lead with?
When did the wrong ball penalty take place?
How did he hit the wrong ball?
What is an eagle?
Who is Brandel Chamblee?
How did he and his round with an eagle ?
What is his place in relation to Stricker and Jacobsen?
What is the Torrey Pines?
What is the South Course?
Who is Brad Faxon?
How did he hit the wrong ball?
How long has this war been going on?
Why did the Commonwealth of Independent States fail to take action on Russia's war?
Why was action not taken?
Why could they not take collective action on Russia?
What is the cause of the separatists?
How would they be able to promote peace and stability?
Why did they avoid judgment on Russia's use of force?
How long has this conflict been going on?
Why is Russia the most powerful member?
What date was this meeting to take place?
What kind of measures were being taken to stop the fighting?
What sort of measures were being taken?
What year did this take place?
What kind of efforts did they support to preserve territorial integrity?
Why was there an opposition of settlement in this way?
Why does the leader have poor circulation?
How serious is this medical condition?
Why is his health fragile?
Is this doctor authorized to speak publicly about Deng Xiaoping's health?
Does this increase risk of stroke?
What has caused this?
What is the Spring Festival in Chinese culture?
Was he expected to appear at this event?
What were his duties during his television appearance?
What takes place at the festival?
Why is another wave of war going to threaten the country?
What is the second wider wave of war that threatens to happen?
How will these truces be expanded?
Why are the truces in Bosnia and Croatia considered brittle?
Why did fighting start between the Serbs and Croats?
Why would war engulf in both places?
Why are they so difficult to resolve?
Why haven't they been able to find a solution so far?
Why is the Balkan area so volatile at this time?
Why would the peacekeepers need to withdraw?
Why are the Balkans considered volatile?
Why would it mean conflict spreading to other parts of the volatile Balkans?
Why do outsiders have any involvement in this war?
Why is Washington able to make stipulations about the settlement?
Why would there be no final settlement without the support of the republic's Serb minorities?
Why were minor league players used in the Canadian team?
Who else was playing in the games?
Which title game?
what is the current standings
Why are there only four teams in the tournament?
what was the main problem that disappointed the coach
Why was the loss considered humiliating?
Why is the goal considered shorthanded?
who were inexperienced people in the team
Why was the team so young and lacking in experience?
Why weren't they able to rebound?
How did the newborn dissappear from the hospital maternity ward?
How were they separated?
Where did the baby disappear to?
What is the name of the hospital?
Why did the baby disappear from the maternity ward?
How did this happen?
How did the baby disappear? 
What efforts did the police make to find the kidnapped four-day-old child?
Where did they look?
Do they know who kidnapped her?
Why did she do this?
How was the baby kidnapped from the ward?
How did this lady befriend the mother in the hospital? 
Was this the only news network she appeared on?
Why did the police refuse to describe the circumstances under which Mrs. Owens' baby was returned to her?
Why did they not describe the circumstances?
How and why did the lady kidnap the baby?
Why would they not describe the circumstances? 
How did these people become knowledgable about the kidnapping?
What are the inquiries?
16
Is Cigar another favorite horse?
Who is Cigar? A horse?
Who is Cigar?
What is the activity going on here? I am guessing horse races but unsure?
Why was Holly Bull pulled up?
What made him dismount the horse in mid race?
What happened to Holy Bull?
What was wrong with the horse?
How was he behaving?
Why was the horse having trouble being loaded up?
How long was Holy Bull racing?
How did he do on the first start?
What is the policy?
What are the details regarding the policy?
What was the cause for the resignation?
Why did the minister resign?
Why did this influence his resignation?
"What would the additional immigrants lead to, in Wardle's mind?"
Why would he resign over a flood of immigrant?
Which countries in particular?
Why does the flood of immigration scare him?
Which countries wish to erase international borders?
What choice of words specifically can lead the the opt-out being challenged?
How is this possible if it is included as part of the agreement?
How was the agreement poorly worded?
"What are the details of this agreement, and why would it be easily challenged?"
How is Julien culturally familiar with the deep south?
How new is it?
How are his works looked at in the United States?
What is this?
What time of year?
20
where is it? what thime ?
Why are they reluctant to give details?
What was the public announcement about?
Why is anonymity important to the source?
What were the indictments about?
what year?
Why were the camps carrying out executions?
How regular were these executions?
Why were there executions and tortures?
"What did this \""probe\"" consist of?"
Why was it important that they  cheer him on?
How are the predictions made?
"which \""he,\"" marcus or maske?"
Why was this particular fight so non-competitive?
Why did he insist on fighting despite his hand being broken?
to which fighter does this refer?
Why did they end early?
what does this mean in this context?
"What aspects of Swedish culture make it \""open-minded\""?"
What is the novel's name. 
Where is the right place?
What is the ground-breaking novel?
Who is Vladimir Nabokov?
Who is currently critiquing Lolita?
Why did he decide to put on an opera based on Lolita?
Why is it provoking indignation?
Why does the offense continue?
What groups are involved in debating this issue?
Are these critics from a moral standpoint or opera critics reviewing the quality of the performance? 
When does the opera return?
How did the book survive criticism?
Is the main character supposed to be empathetic or disgusting?
What is a double fault and how did she use them to her advantage?
Who is first-seeded?
Is the Ameritech Cup a major tennis tournament?
Does that mean that she will be matched with the winner of Saturday night's evening match?
What seed is Lisa?
What seed position is Lisa Raymond?
Does this mean that she is very motivated to break being 11th ranked? Or that she is a very serious competitor?
Is this a new technique for her?
What rank is Sabatini?
What is a fault? How did Sabatini manage to lose so far into the game?
What is a scoop shot?
What is a scoop passing shot?
What is a double fault?
What is set point?
How is the speed of the ball measured during a game?
What is a service winner?
How was this reward advertised?
Who offered the reward? 
How did the South African student get the tip of the suspect?
Why were his wife and baby taken away? 
How did the informant come to know the location of Yousef?
How involved was this individual in the attack?
What became of this case? What was the result of the charge?
How were the two acquainted?
How did Parker contact them? 
Where is Islamabad? Wasn't Parker from South Africa?
How did this person get the tip?
what does this mean?
which religion is he?
Were they whisked away for fear of their safety or for some other reason?
how can it be trusted then?
why are they refusing?
What part did they play in his capture?
Why does Pakistan want part of the money?
Why could he not have been apprehended?
how did they help or how do they claim to have helped?
Why is it only in an editorial that this question was asked? It should be more widespread. 
Is this a reasonable request?
Under what ruling is this required?
What this include?
Why is ‘full’ withdrawal emphasised?
Which ethnic groups?
What is a junta?
Why are they at war?
What type of war?
Why will it be a bloodbath?
What ethnic group?
What is the internal strife?
Which remote areas?
What country is celebrating this holiday?
Are they still dealing with internal strife?
What is the strife that they are facing that has incurred the war?
Where are the specific locations?
What is the reconciliation policy?
What policy?
How has this helped/affected the military?
How did they convince them to 'join hands' with the military?
What is the policy?
What is an Energy Minister?
What was the reason for attacking the tanker?
How does benzene relate to Israel and Palestine conflict?
If gas resources are low why ruin a potential relationship for resources?
If they don't need it what is the issue?
Where are the rebels from?
Why were the foreign aid workers taken and held hostage?
where are these aid workers from?
Where were the workers from?
Who held them hostage?
What were their demands?
Why were they held hostage
Which rebels?
Why was this individual left to be with his family while ten others were taken hostage?
Why was he left?
War against who?
What or who is this 11th colleague?
Why is she relevent?
Why have the former hostages refused to talk to journalists about their experiences?
With whom will the ten former hostages debrief?
why have the former hostages refuse to speak? what is preventing them?
Why don't they want to talk?
Who is doing the debriefing?
"Besides being without food and water, in what other ways did the hostages report trauma?"
to what extent were the conditions they experienced unhealthy? 
How long were these periods?
How long were they gone for the longest time?
Why was the Sudan Peoples' Liberation Army attacking southern Sudan?
who is this group and what is their purpose?
How were they captured?
Why were they being attacked?
Why were they so loyal?
what type of work did they do?
Who were they Loyal to if not Gordon Koang Babyping?
How many 1500-meter events has he competed in?
How much of a sizeable lead does he have in the in the overall standings?
What is Baselga?
How old was he when he started?
Why is the 1500m race his best event?
How many has he won in his career?
What does IAAF stand for?
Where is the event held?
what were the times at algarve races before
What is that in metric?
What is the all time record?
what were the events
How does this point system work?
Who is in second and third?
what were the athlete's modest forms
What is modest about him?
How did he show his modesty?
Why was his form usually described as modest?
Why was it a thrilling duel?
What led to the loss of balance?
Why were they without him?
Why was the relay shortened?
Then what styles did they use?
Why was the race run at a shorter distance?
Why is the first time in Holmenkollen's history?
Why was this the first ever Speedskating Championship?
How did Dutchman Rintje Ritma dominated the field?
Who are some of his competitors?
Who won the previous World Championship?
Are these the four speed skating distance events? Are there other distances?
How many laps are in the 10-kilometer race?
Is this a good time? What is the average time versus a record time?
How were the other competitors faster in this event?
Why were the other times so quick in this particular race?
What was the time for the second and third place skaters?
Why is rhetoric the only thing being currently used?
What does this mean by implored?
What happened in the West Bank that required this move?
What happened to disturb the peace in the first place?
What makes this moment critical?
What type of violence had recently taken place?
What is this treaty and what does it mean for the future of both countries?
What does this Treaty require of Israel and Arab nations?
What is the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty?
What is the 'Palestinian dream'?
Why is this location important? 
What are the rebels fighting for or against?
What policies does the opposition party support?
Which state?
What were the rebels in the south of Mexico trying to accomplish?
How does voting and government structure work in Mexico?
Why has one party been so dominant in Mexico?
Is this the opposition party referred to previously?
What sort of civil disobedience was Peraza looking to undertake if fraud had occurred?
Why was she not scheduled to play?
Who was scheduled?
Why was she glad?
What sport is this?
How long had she been playing?
What constitutes an effective mix of power?
What kind of illness did she have?
What type of illness?
How long was the ride?
Why did she feel responsible?
Why was there no time to rest?
Why was there no time to rest?
When did this happen?
Why was the closure instituted in the first place?
How severely did the closure impact the area?
How did the restrictions result in the United States taking action?
why have they been closed?
How many militant groups were involved?
Were these attacks targeting civilians or military?
what is this acronym?
What percentage of Palestinians work in Israel?
where is that city located?
Why did they avoid taking a formal vote?
Why were the protestors backed by municipal trucks?
Why was the new runway built?
How did they protest and disrupt flights?
How did they participate? Was it peaceful?
How did the protestors get ahold of municipal trucks?
Why was the protest a success?
What were the protestors hoping that this disruption would cause in the end?
How did it show why it holds the balance of power?
What teams in the west are the best?
Who played in the Eastern Conference?
what does this mean?
Is the all star game a series of games?
What situation did you turn things around from?
Why weren't they dominant in the past?
Why did this mark a turn around?
what were things like before?
What team is he from?
what are some details about this performance?
What was the cause of the market surge?
Who hired this company?
Why was there a surge in computer sales?
Do you mean in all of Japan?
What was the reason for the increase?
Why were the prices lowered?
What efforts were given?
why was the economy sluggish?
What was the main contributor to the slow down in Economy?
What percentage was expected?
What was leading to a sluggish Japanese economy at this time?
which competitors?
What makes NEC Corp the leader?
Were they expecting this slide?
Who were some of the main competitors?
Why is the photographer controversial?
Why was the book considered pornographic?
what book?
What makes the photographer controversial?
Is it illegal to sell pornographic books in Japan?
Why is this photographer considered controversial?
Why is pubic hair banned under Japan's pornography laws?
Why were they strictly banned?
Why are such books currently so popular?
Why has enforcement eased up recently?
Why has there been eased enforcement of pornography laws?
Why are these nudes popular?
Why did he speak only anonymously?
Why were these men chosen to be arrested?
Why does he feel the need to speak on the condition of anonymity if he is a public official?
Who are the Takeshobo officials?
Why was this company targeted for arrests?
Why were these chosen?
Where are the other 8 banks from?
What are these new laws?
Why are they now liberalizing bank laws?
What are the new bank laws?
How many banks from that area were in contention?
Why them in particular?
Why were these the only ones chosen?
Why were these chosen?
What does the new law state?
What is the scope?
How is this a benefit?
How long have they been in operation?
Which US Embassy spokesperson?
What are the current protections and why are they inadequate? 
Why is there a need for negotiations on better Chinese protection?
How will they be protected?
Who is the spokeman?
What are the conditions that might lead to a trade war?
Why is there a need to avert trade war between countries?
How much piracy is currently going on?
How much progress does Kantor want?
"What would count as \""progress\"" in this case?"
"Why \""up to\""? Will different goods have different tariffs, or will tariff levels vary as the problem continues?"
How will Chinese react if US will impose punitive tariffs?
Which products will receive the tariffs?
Why did the white extremists want to derail the election?
What caused the car to fill of smoke?
What caused the explosion?
Why did they want to derail the election?
Where did this event take place?
Where was this?
How many members are there in total?
What is the main focus of this movement?
How many other counts?
What is the goal of this neo-Nazi Afrikaner Resistance Movement?
what races were included?
What races were allowed in previous elections?
What had they threatened to do?
Who exactly is the black rule?
How large and widespread is the anti-voting group?
Did this person see the explosion?
Why is he suspected?
Accused by whom?
"Since it was introduced that this man was associated with the World Trade Center bombing, it is not clear when the event with the Philippine airliner occurred."
which man?
Who is this man?
Why is he suspected?
How did he get the bomb on the plane?
Is this a common tactic for terrorists?
What does this mean in the context of a terror campaign?
"What does \""a dry run\"" mean?"
Who is this campaign against?
Where exactly in the Far East?
Why target foreighners if target was U.S.?
Is this the bomber?
Why was he arrested?
Why was he deported?
Why are they trying to kill the Pope?
Where on the plane?
what nationality was this person?
What type of bomb?
How many people were aboard?
How was this person killed?
How far is that from Okinawa?
How high was the plane when the bomb went off?
Based on what evidence or experience?
Was this group related to the bomber in any way?
which group?
What was their reasoning behind this bombing?
Why do they doubt?
Why would they be incapable?
Why did they claim the responsibility?
Why does he have to lead by example here? Does no one want to register here?
What township?
What is the top congress?
"What \""black township\""?"
Why weren't people following his lead?
Why aren't people registering?
Why is he worried that people are not registering in large numbers?
Why weren't people of all races in South Africa allowed to vote previously?
What  U.N. aid agency said Monday that it will try to bring acutely needed food through an alternate route?
Why would an alternate route be needed?
Why is there a starvation looming in Northwestern Bosnia?
Why is there fighting going on in this region?
What is the Bihac pocket?
Why is the food situation extremely critical?
What is the Bosnian Serb stronghold of Banja Luka?
Why are they halting convoys at will?
Why were these persons indicted?
What is the purpose of this tribunal?
what did the serbs do?
Why are the other 20 suspects still on the run?
Where are the other 20 suspects located?
Why only one?
What happened at this concentration camp?
is that an infamous place?
Does their native status have implications for their legal status?
Are there consequences for Serb authorities refusing to comply with the U.N. court?
Why was only the chief commander charged with genocide?
is he well-known?
What makes it a bloody war?
What is the cause of the spread?
Why is it considered to be a bloody war?
Why are they considered a breakaway republic?
What is the cause of the war in Chechnya?
Which surrounding areas will be affected?
Why did he say that?
What countries does this include?
Extension of which war?  What conflict are they apart of?
How will the war extend to new areas?
Reporters from where?
Why was he there for a week?
What is their conflict about?
To which surrounding areas?
Why are they considered as seperatists?
Why do the two sides hate each other so much?
What is the goal of the Muslim separatists?
Will they be welcome there?
Why is this act of fleeing something to be afraid of?
How would they be able to leave the area?
"Why does he fear that 500,000 people could flee? What would be the harmful effects of their migration?"
What do they gain by doing this?
What would the outcome of that be?
How can they export a conflict?
Why would the conflict follow them if they are trying to run away from it?
In what ways can a conflict be exported to new areas?
What is the meaning behind called in?  Did they bring in more or call upon?
Why were the air traffic controllers looking to stage a walkout?
What issues are at stake for the air traffic controllers?
Is the strike national in scope?
What are these professionals in the airline industry asking for?
Which country is Alitalia airline from?
Why were some routes struggling to stay profitable?
How does leasing outside aircraft work?
Why has the company been in the red? 
Why was this Saab's first profitable year?
Why had the company struggled so much in previous years?
What factors played a role in this sudden profit?
What caused the increase in sales last year? 
What caused such a big increase in just one year?
What accounted for such a large percentage increase?
Why was the US such a large purchaser of Saab vehicles?
How many models does Saab sell?
Why does the exchange rate help sales? 
How did exchange rates affect their profits?
"Did these factors happen under the same management, or was there a management change the year before?"
What are their names?
What sort of bribes were being offered during these matches?
Who made these allegations?
Is 'West Indies' referring to nationality or to the name of a team?
"What kind of bribe, and how much, were they offered?"
How much $?
How far back did the allegations go?
Did Border mention who made the offer?
Why are they being accused of that?
How was the person mistaken?
How will they make sure this gets taken care of?
How will the exceptions to the verification concept be taken care of?
Why would they cut spending that was planned?
Where is Kazakhstan?
Why did they reduce their budget?
Why did they have to reduce the budget twice?
Why did they need to cut such an enormous percentage?
Why was there such a drastic decrease in spending?
What caused the scale back?
Why did they scale back?
What year was Chevron based in San Francisco?
Why did they need to scale back the budget?
Why was their budget so exuberant?
"If they have to cut back now, why will they spend more over the next 40 yrs."
Chevron plans to spend $20 billion on that specific field?
How did they intend to do that?
What exactly is the project?
Why was the revenue lower?
What was the expected revenue? What is being done to increase revenue to keep the project going?
How long would the construction be delayed?
What was the anticipated revenue?
What was leading to the decrease in revenue?
How did they estimate how much production they would have?
Is this a separate field than the Tengiz oil field?
Production of what?
Why was it thought to be a major site?
How below the level has it fallen?
What are these worthless projects? 
How many Billions?
Is this being investigated?
What deems them worthless?
How were the marks stolen?
Why were the projects worthless?
How thorough was this investigation? 
Who keeps track of the projects?
Why is there no central accounting office?
How does that large amount of money just disappear? 
What was done to rebuild?
How could it just disappear?
Why spend so much in projects not worth it?
What was the catalyst for the sudden infusion of cash? 
How could Germany better planned for this growth?
What is the problem?
When was this first noticed?
Where did the cash come from?
Why is the growth poorly planned?
Who was responsible for this poor accounting and planning? 
What is being done with these abandoned parks now? 
Who is in charge of these details?
How overpriced were the restorations?
Why are these abandoned?
Why are the industrial parks abandoned?
What is the plan now?
what is the problem with diplomacy? 
Why is this region in need?
Which new route?
Who was conducting the negotiations?
Where do the Bonsians live and why are they needing food?
Why is it going no where?
Why are there shortages?
What was making the shortages worse?
What does this stand for? 
Why is it only the most vulnerable?
Where are the younger men and women?
Who is providing aid so far? 
Why are the FCA becoming more aggressive?
How are they getting more aggressive?
What type of medical experimentation?
How are they still able to do this? 
In what way does Russia's technical support enhance Iran's weapons capacity?
What role does Bulgaria play in this situation?
Why was diplomacy struggling?
Why is diplomacy going nowhere?
Why were there such food issues?
Why is food shortages growing progressively worse?
Why did President Clinton nominate Dr. Henry Foster Jr. to the position?
What is Dr. Henry Foster Jr.'s political position?
What are the problems facing the nominee?
Who are these the chief extremists who oppose President Clinton's nominee?
What other tasks were being focused on at this period?
Which political party controlled the Senate at the time of this article?
What indicates that they were complicit?
What is the evidence for this claim?
What does this retaliation consist of?
What evidence is their to back up that Kuwait was involved?
southern marches of which countr(ies)?
What/who are they opposed to?
"Who specifically researched, gathered, and wrote this report?"
What evidence is there to support this claim?
Which sources were these?
Who are these sources?
"Why were few details given, and can the sources giving these details be trusted?"
what sources?
"How did they give credence, what details did they offer?"
"With only the barest details, how can these reports be trusted, and why were more details not provided?"
Why was progress so much slower this time?
How does the official Iranian media play it up?
Why did she decide to have an abortion?
Why would she take it lightly
When did she have an abortion?
Why did she decide this needed to be public knowledge?
What year was the article published?
Who else is involved?
What was the interview about?
What oscar did she win?
Why didn't she decide to put the child up for adoption?
When did this relationship take place; how long was Whoopi with her significant other for?
getting by what?
What movie(s) did she win an Oscar for?
Why is this offered after the previous information?
What is Whoopi Goldberg's daughter up to today?
Why do some people think some people make these decisions lightly?
"Is she talking about people choosing to get abortions, or people judging women who choose to get abortions?"
Where was the airliner's destination?
Who is accused man?
Why is the same man accused of the World Trade Center bombing also suspected of planting a bomb on a Philippine airliner?
"Can you specify what a \""dry run\"" means?"
"Is there any evidence of previous \""dry run\"" attempts at a terror campaign against U.S. carriers in the Far East?"
Were passengers of other nationalities injured or killed in the bombing?
"Why is there a \""terror campaign\"" against U.S. Carriers in the Far East?"
Which country is Ramzi a native of?
How is it known that Yousef was involved in a plot to kill Pope John Paul II?
Which year did this take place?
How many people were on the plane?
Why do police doubt that the Filipino Muslim extremist group was capable of the attack?
What specifically indicates the group was incapable?
How many volunteers failed?
in which city?
Were the volunteers armed?
of which country?
Why was President Jean-Bertrand exiled?
Why was there a lack of officers?
Does this mean the volunteers all already know each other?
Why were they being replaced?
is that a news station?
What Dublin professor?
How were they unearthed?
Why don't these unearthed works compare to his masterpieces?
What makes these works masterpieces?
Why are they considered masterpieces?
Why wait so long?
Why are they deemed worthy of being published?
How were private collections accessed?
Why was did people think he stopped writing poetry then? Was that when his last poem was published?
Why was it assumed that he stopped writing?
Why didn’t he stop writing? What was his motivation?
Where was the stronghold
Which town or city was the last captured?
What time period is this?
How long has the war gone on?
why were they so surprised/skeptical?
Why would the Ecuadorean officials be surprised?
How will Ecuadorean government react to the cease-fire announcement?
Is this really true?
why are foreign challengers faced with more challenge?
What sport is played at the America's Cup?
What countries are the challengers from?
What are these trials?
Why is this race so much more important?
Are the first two rounds less important to the final outcome?
What is a skipper?
why are the points double?
Why do point values increase in round three?
Which crews are participating?
What is sydney 95? Who is on that team and why should they win?
What comes after the round-robin?
What sport requires navigators?
What is this?
how is this relevant to the America Cup?
Is this a major tournament in this sport?
What is this for?
What constitutes a challenger in yacht racing?
What was the main culprit of the slide during this session?
What caused this decrease to happen?
of which year?
What does this signify for the U.S. dollar?
How are these reports produced and how accurate are their predictions?
What type of economic reports were going to be released?
What are some expectations of the U.S. economic reports?
what type of clues?
What year is this article from?
why does it take so long?
How were they being infringed?
Why are they content?
Why are there complaints?
Why are Tokyo officials content to let Washington lead the trade negotiations?
What is an example of cooperation?
How are they being cooperative?
Why is their approve more cooperative and not attacking?
How are they benefiting?
What benefits?
How are the benefits reaped?
When have they worked in the past?
How have they worked? Why is this important in the context?
How can Japan knows the tactics can be effective?
What would the trade war entail?
Why is it last ditch?
How can the trade war be averted?
Why are they fighting?
What constituted heavy artillery in this agreement?
Why did both sides agree to halt? 
why are they skeptical
why are they flying over the region?
Why was there such skepticism?
Why were many skeptical the truce would hold? 
Whose blood is he referring to?
How did the sides agree to hold the talks? 
Does this mean they can use smaller weapons?
Why did she allegedly murder 10 people?
How were these people murdered?
What has she been accused of?
What were the 10 people?
Why were people doubting her competency to stand trial?
What was he convicted of?
How was his suicide apparent?
How many people was he suspected of killing?
who found him?
how did he find evidence?
Why did the hearing take a week?
What evidence was found?
How does the death of her husband lead to her not being able to stand?
Why would the case be dropped because of her husbands death?
What was their argument?
Why should it be dropped?
Why would that make any difference?
Why was there so much publicity?
What is the name of this fighter?
How is this new wing improved over previous models?
how is this wing improved from the previous model?
What did they ask Tokyo?
Scientific information about what?
What is Washington involved?
how long is 'some time'?
How long have they been discussing this?
What is their exact concern?
what is the composite material made from carbon fiber?
why is this necessary? and how much lighter/wider/stronger?
What technology was developed?
What is this material?
"How much lighter, wider and stronger?"
Why does this agreement exist?\n
how is derivative technology defined?
What was the agreement?
Why are they both obligated?
What would constitute a derivative technology?
Is there a deadline?
What industries would be affected by this trade issue?
How long have these trade talks gone on?
What are the issues on the table for these negotiators to solve?
Why is a China-U.S. trade war a possibility?
What are U.S. negotiators demanding?
What kind of progress would the United States be satisfied with?
of which year?
What portion of piracy of American media takes place in China?
How would China protect individual property rights?
are they allowed to do that?
What items will the punitive tariffs be applied to?
Which types of items would be affected by these measures?
What kind of counter-measures?
what type of measures?
What countermeasures will China enact?
Where did he travel from?
Why is his wife estranged?
Why is his wife estranged from him?
Why have these allegations been made?
What were the bases for Winnie making these statements?
Was there a need for an apology that became publicized?
what was the first letter about
How did the policeman die?
How have these private letters become publicized?
what would be consistent with her position?
Why is it considered inconsistent?
What was her position in the government?
In what form did Mandela's response come?
what are the relevant fora
What led to the drop in auto sales?
In which country?
Why did auto sales drop in January?
Why were analysts predicting higher sales?
How much was predicted?
Is this a disappointing result?
How long had it been since some sort of contraction?
Why was a slowdown in customer spending predicted?
What makes car sales volatile?
What do annual figures look like so far?
What new information changed their calculation?
Why was the stairway able to collapse?
What caused the fire?
Were the colleagues saved?
Did the three colleagues survive the fire?
Who were these other people who saved the colleagues?
"By \""escaped,\"" does that mean that they were able to escape from the fire by themselves or with the help of the firefighters?"
How did the three firefighters from 22 years ago pass away?
Does this mean they are lacking experience dealing with these scenarios?
How did the colleagues get out?
Is it recommended not to have thick plastic glass windows?
what government has threatened to pull out of a truce?
Are Serbs blocking or attacking aid convoys?
What regions of Bosnia are at peace under the current truce?
What attacks have taken place in the northwest?
Which government?
What is the date?
Where are the famished?
Why was the truce looking to be ended?
how severe is the warning to the people of the country?
Why was the statement delivered through an embassy outside Bosnia rather than directly through official state channels?
What is the date?
what lead to bad conditions? how do they plan to improve the conditions?
Why are the Serbs refusing?
Why was such a short time limit placed on this ultimatum?
Why are the Serbs refusing to let aid conveys through?
When does this time run-out?
Why was the aid being refused?
how would they prevent fighting from happening ? 
Was this ultimatum issued outside of official state intentions?
Why is fighting so prevalent in the Bihac pocket?
What year?
what are these other units? What do they have the power to do legally?
What units are already on the front line in Bihac?
What is the date?
Which personal freedoms are having trouble keeping up in Vietnam?
What fundamental freedoms are they referring to?
What specific freedoms was the UN report referencing?
What type of restrictions on opinions were being seen?
What were these new policies?
What freedoms were these new policies supposed to enforce?
What was the data or events that prompted the report to be concerned over the lack of progress?
What is the present government?
Who was part of this U.N. human rights body?
Why were the working groups barred from going to detention centers?
Why were they barred?
What was the cause of the fire?
How were they killed?
Did the colleagues survive?
How did they escape?
How was the fire started?
How many were in the house fighting the fire?
How were they rescued?
How old was the home?
How did they escape?
How many family members were there?
How did they die?
How many firefighters were fighting that fire 22 years ago?
How many people have died?
How many people died from heart attack that year the fire happened?
How many people died from vehicle accidents that year the fire happened?
Was the fire present in the basement?
What were they doing to help?
How long were they trapped?
"Are these a fire hazard, or particularly dangerous in a fire?"
Why had the stairs collapsed during the fire?
Why were the colleagues in the basement?
Where is this team based? 
Why were they traded?
Why did the Sabres trade such a high-level goaltender?
Which of these dates was it? 
How where they able to acquire a fifth-round draft choice?
How is the year of the draft choice determined?
How many goals were involved? 
How valuable is a backup goaltender in the professional league?
How many star players has Muckler coached? 
Did the coach knowing Fuhr have any influence towards the trade?
What did the NAFO decide?
What was the meeting about?
Why was there a catch limit implemented?
Why is the halibut stock dwindling?
Why were countries from the EU given such a small share of the stock?
What would be the punishment if they ignored the allotment?
What will ignoring the allotment lead to in the future?
Why would the EU nations fight Canada over stocks of Greenland halibut?
Why would there be a fight over the fisheries?
Why would they consider fighting Canada over stocks of Greenland halibut?
How relevant are the stocks of Greenland halibut?
What was the NAFO decision?
What does NAFO stand for?
What was the NAFO decision?
Why is the Commission not intending to passively accept the NAFO decisions?
What are the catch limits of Greenland halibut?
Were the catch limits unusually low or unusually high?
Why is there a catch limit of Greenland halibut off Canada's coast? 
Why was the EU boats share reduced so much?
What percentage of the halibut stocks were EU boats entitled to before the meeting?
How much lower was this than in previous years?
Is there any kind of punishment if the EU fishermen ignore the allotment?
Does Canada have jurisdiction to punish this behavior?
Why is he considered a simpleton?
How did he triumph?
What movie was the first Oscar from?
What was the first Oscar for best actor for?
Which film had a similar number of nominations?
Where did the nominations come from?
Is best picture the highest award?
For which year were these nominated?
Is it always held here?
Why was aid not being allowed into Bosnia?
Why are the Serbs attacking the northwest?
Why is there a four-month truce?
what did the warning say?
What exact conditions were being looked at as needing to improve?
what conditions are they?
Why couldn't he decide on a deadline?
Why was there no deadline cited?
Why was there fighting to begin with?
Why not all three fronts?
Why was he released?
Why did the judge release the man?
What war was the man involved in?
Why was he suspected of war crimes?
What possible role did he play in genocide?
Why did a judge release him?
Who did the police arrest?
Who suspected him of being a war criminal?
Why was he released?
Where is Karlsruhe?
"Does this decision indicate uncertainty about the man's guilt, or is it a matter of insufficient hard evidence to successfully prosecute him?"
What was he questioned about?
What is he under investigation for?
Do they intend to re-arrest him if they can secure better evidence?
Why was his name being withheld?
who were the big fish?
What were the 21 Serbs accused of?
Why have there been no trials since WWII?
"What was the suspect's possible role in the genocide, and why is he not a major target?"
Who are the 21 Serbs being accused by an international tribunal and what roles did they play in the genocide?
"What do they mean when they say \""not a big fish\""?"
How was the stage set?
What exactly where the men resisting?
Is there any uncertainty about what group carried out the attack?
Where is Hadzici?
Was violence used directly against women and children as well?
Who reported this activity?
"Was this true, were they shot?"
Where did they go?
Why are they at war? Why does Palestine want to harm Israel?
Which groups were responsible for the attack?
what two groups are responsible?
What makes so many Palestinians want to become involved in these activities?
What types of militant activities were being thought of as worthy of arrest?
What are the others Palestinians being held for?
What do these groups stand for? Why are they attacking Israelis?
Why do they oppose the peace process?
Why are the peace talks being held in another country? Is the United States involved?
What is the PLO?
What is the publisher's name?
Why was the publication scrapped?
Why would the publication be scrapped?
Why would this content be inappropriate?
Which organization deemed it inappropriate for German readers?
Why is the text responsible for extremists' views?
"Who are these cultural elites? Are they politicians, educators, etc?"
Does this mean Germany has portrayed a specific narrative of the war?
What are skinhead hate-mongers?
Why do they feel that this is their responsibility?
How frequent are these activities?
Why was Don King not part of this event?
Why is Tyson in Jail?
What about Don King is childish?
What did Don King do to Foreman that he doesn't want him in his life?
What is a title defense?
What does Schulz player history look like with wins and losses?
Why does Foreman want to see George get whipped?
Why would this be necessary?
What show did P.T. and Barnum get together for?
What was the record to beat?
Where in Russia was this event held?
why is it not often run indoors?
Why is the 110m race not run indoors?
Why is it not run outdoors?
Why did he choose to become an Austrian citizen?
When was that set?
Hoe long has Colin held this mark?
What is this shared vision?
What will the settlement contain?
What shared ideas do they have for a solution?
What are the terms currently being considered for this settlement?
What were the contentious issues?
What were these issues?
Which issues had slowed down the settlement process?
Why was this location chosen?
What issues were slowing down peacemaking efforts?
Is there any chance the finished product won't be released on time or as planned?
Is it possible for the document to serve both sides equally?
How involved have the governments been throughout this process?
How will this take place?
Which two groups are being outlawed?
who is he?
What types of activities are qualifying for these charges?
How many Israelis are the Palestinians holding?
is that considered a lot?
What is the political culture in the Gaza Strip like?
where is jericho?
Are there any other countries in the region who are also part of the peace talks?
How would Arafat be able to apprehend them?
What methods is he using to achieve this?
How is this movement taking place?
"How is President Ernesto Zedillo using force, or the threat of force, to maintain his political power?"
What are the living conditions of Mexicans currently?
What types of improvements are being looked at?
Will the trend towards democracy and freer elections in Mexico benefit the lives of Mexican people?
Who initiated the truce and why did it only last a year?
Why was the truce cut short?
Why did he choose now to end the truce with rebels in Chiapas?
How did the government determine who was a sympathizer to the leftist rebel cause?
How popular is this politician and does he have a chance against the current president?
Why is Cuauhtemoc Cardenas so famous?
What was the purpose or goal of the protest in Mexico City?
In what way did they view the Indians as being against democracy?
What type of economic sanctions was Serbia receiving?
What conflict does Serbia have with Bosnia and other former Yugoslav republics?
Recognizes in what sense?
"Is this a religious, political, or territorial conflict?"
did he refused to be named?
What kind of peace attempts have these four nations tried in the past?
What other sanctions or restrictions are currently enforced on Serbia?
where is belgrade?
Who is providing these monitors?
how many more monitors?
What types of nuclear materials are looking to be tracked?
What standards define adequate tracking of nuclear material?
Where did the congressional report come from?
Why can't it be traced?
What black market deals have taken place with U.S. nuclear materials?
How can you tell if the materials are from actual exports or contraband deals?
how many hundreds of tons?
Where are these materials being gathered or stored?
How does nuclear power generation lead to the production of these materials?
Where are the majority of the nuclear materials located around the world?
Why are the figures not being more precisely looked at?
why does it not include these figures?
How is the ban on transferring nuclear materials to a third country enforced?
Which countries were granted these licenses?
Why was there skepticism that this could end the fighting?
where is that?
of which year?
How would this mechanism take place?
Did any agreement successfully come out of the negotiation attempt?
Who broke the cease-fire first?
Why are there citizens fighting independently of the President?
"Does the independent Chechens have a representative or leader? If not, what are they fighting for?"
By who and how much?
What is a cricket board?
from where were these details gleaned?
What does ICC stand for?
when did the launch the investigation?
What sort of match-fixing was being considered?
Were these players men or women?
What does this mean?
is this a periodical?
How reliable is this source?
What are the sanctions specifically?
What sort of sanctions were being levied at the time?
Why were there sanctions against Serbia?
What are the ethnicities in conflict?
How long did the conflict last in the end?
What other conditions does he have to agree to
How would they be isolated through the lifting of sanctions against Bosnia?
How would Milosevic and Bosnian Serbs be at odds via a lifting of sanctions?
How many proposals were made?
What was mainly part of the past proposals?
Why did the Serbs and Milsosevic reject past pease proposals?
How long would this renewal last?
How come this would happen?
What actions by Milosevic will lift the sanctions?
How many gifted students will be affected by this decision?
"In what ways do \""basic\"" education and \""gifted\"" education differ?"
What is different about these schools?
What were the reasons other than basic education why these exceptional schools were closed?
"Why do the families of gifted students have \""heavy\"" education-related expenses while other's students' families do not?"
How does a government shut down schools and transfer students quickly without it being incredibly disruptive?
What sort of degree of burden did these families experience when their offspring went to these schools?
Why is most state funding for education in China being withdrawn?
Why would the government defund education?
Why did state funding dry up at these schools?
What is the relationship between affluence and illiteracy in China?
To what does China owe its unparalleled affluence of recent years?
Why is there such an increase in those who cannot read?
Has a causal relationship between drop-out rates and educational fees been established?
What sort of fees were being charged for basic education?
What happened to the rebels and their supporters?
Lived where?
why is it so quiet?
What were these rebels against and how did they fare against the crackdown?
Why was there a rebellion taking place?
Why was there a crackdown on the rebel movement?
How were some residents able to remain?
Why are some residents choosing to remain?
Specialists in which fields?
What type of specialists?
How long has the men been unaccounted for?
Why are the investigating only 85
Who will be helping dig for the remains?
What was the number of deaths at this battle?
Why is he helping?
Where were they known as he Green Berets?
What makes his participation unusual?
Why is the help of survivors rarely required?
Why is Frank prticipating in the hunt?
Why is it unusual?
How are they going to outline the battlefield positions?
Why might Crane Co. seek control of this company?
What industry is Crane Co. in?
Why is Crane Co. considering seeking control of Milton Roy Corp.?
What were the details of the disclosure?
How many shares does Milton Roy have altogether?
How are they planning a turnaround with such high losses?
Explain the types of write offs?
Why is there a slowing of orders?
Why is there such a negative outlook?
Why is their outlook so discouraging?
If their revenue was up why were there such huge losses?
loss on what (specific)
What types of sensitive goods are overseen by this group?
What are these items under control? 
Why would these items need to be trimmed?
What items are under control?
why did they have to make the decision to trim the list?
What types of restrictions had been implemented against Poland and Hungary?
Why are there restrictions? What types of restrictions are there?
Why do Poland and Hungary also have restrictions?
What type of export restriction is needed to be lessen?
Why was it necessary to ease export restrictions to Poland and Hungary?
How had these implements become available from other nations?
Why are machining tools under restriction?
Why is the U.S. being pressured from these Cocom members?
Why were the lists outdated?
What is outdated about these lists?
How do these restrictions hamper trade?
"How had the list been explained to help \""add to Western security\""?"
Which countries had looked for better treatment for these two nations?
What kind of special treatment is wanted?
What special treatment did China receive?
What have they done to qualify for special treatment?
Which divisions will be consolidated?
Why do Boeing Co. need reorganization?
What led to the union going on strike?
Why do they need a federal mediator to met the Machinist union?
How did the Machinist union shut the aerospace giant's assembly lines?
What were the machinists looking for in their compensation packages?
Why did the machinist rejected a package?
What 'machinists'? 
Why can't Boeing expand its offer? 
What are some pros and cons for home taping?
How would this take place?
How would the ban on home taping hurt consumers? 
What was the objective of this report?
Why was the report put together? 
What did they observe to come up with this conclusion?
What was their evidence that this was taking place on a large-scale at the time?
What is the new equipment being used for?
What type of customers does the reader have?
What other variables are there?
What are some other important competitive variables?
What does it usually take to be able to manage customer needs quickly?
What are some ways to increase managing speed?
Are there challenges other than speeding up?
How can it be shown that these two concepts are not mutually exclusive?
What are some ways to balance speed and quality?
How can you increase speed while maintaining quality?
Why must speed be seen as a factor in quality production?
How do you weigh speed against other components when it poses a conflict?
Why was the plant being shut down?
Why  did Westinghouse Electric Corp. shutter?
Why did they close?
How much power is a steam turbine plant capable of generating?
What is driving the increase in demand?
What is the reason for resurgence in demand?
Who are the growing legion of independent electric producers?
What is causing the resurgence in demand?
What is the new venture?
What markets are expected to use steam and combustion turbines?
Why is there a significant increase in orders?
What were steam and combustion turbines used for back in the mid-1970s?
Who would be the type of producers to want to use these turbines?
Why does Westinghouse believe that there will be wave of demand stretching over the next six years?
Did Westinghouse's beliefs about demand come into fruition?
Who are the revolutionaries and what are they saying?
Why are they saying words of moderation?
Exactly how long did they spend in prison?
Why are they congregating at a soccer stadium?
Why was it banned?
What is the ANC?
What does ANC stand for?
Why is there so much tension in this state right now?
Is violence expected at this event?
Why did he serve 26 years in prison?
Why were they in prison and why were they released?
Why were they released after 26 years?
Were claims from certain areas higher than others?
How did their lost the other 14 million of their net income?
How will these huge losses affect their ability to opperate?
What sort of catastrophes were there in the prior year?
What defines a catastrophe loss?
Why was there an accounting change?
What are the details of the accounting change?
What exactly was the accounting change?
Which regions does Aetna Life & Casualty have business in?
Why were these looking to be sold?
What was the cause of the debt?
Do they plan any layoffs?
What 'bridge loan'?
Which Friday was this in the month?
What triggered better sales?
Why were sales up?
Up from what month/quarter?
What factors contributed to the chain's better performance?
Why was there still a net loss?
What made the bid unsuccessful?
How did the restructuring go?
Why was the bid unsuccessful?
How were they reportedly Sighted?
Why did the USSR report this sort of event?
Who did the Soviets report these UFO landings to?
Who saw these aliens and what did they see?
What is his evidence?
Why would it be necessary for world leaders to cover up the existence of UFOs and aliens?
How do the relationships pan out?
What is their identifiable evidence?
What evidence do people who believe in UFOs point to to support their beliefs?
Why does she claim it was a laser?
Can a laser cause this type of injury or scar?
How are the skies brightened?
How do aliens brighten our skies?
Who would be using its trademarks?
What trademarks do the Hells Angels Motorcycle Corp believe are theirs exclusively?
How are they being used?
How did they use the gang's name without getting approval?
Had Concord New Horizons Corp. requested authorization and subsequently denied?
What did the mission entail?
Had any members of the Hell's Angels actually engage in a mercenary mission during the Vietnam War?
Are there preestablished limits to the damages the motorcycle club can claim?
Are there any other individuals or groups named in the lawsuit being brought by the Hell's Angels?
What triggered this decision?
Why did Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of $18 a share?
By what degree is this offer inadequate?
Why is this offer inadequate?
Why did two independent directors of Telerate rejected the offer as inadequate?
What did this supplement change about the original offer?
Why didn't it change the terms and conditions?
Why was the growth forecast so much different than that expected by Dow Jones?
How did this discrepancy happen?
Why did Dow Jones based it's projections of Telerate's performance on a 12% revenue growth forecast?
Why were the negotiations fruitless?
What is the criteria for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and who qualifies?
What is the criteria for Chapter 7 liquidation and why is it more severe than Chapter 11?
Who is William Herbert
Why would this be done?
What sort of sticking points came up during these negotiations?
Why would the creditors have to reorganize their structure?
Okay but he isnt bankrupt then
What is the criteria for back taxes for large corporations?
Why would the smaller creditors be left out?
How were smaller creditors impacted by this case?
Why is his fortune so small now?
Why was the estate constantly shrinking?
Who won with what offer?
How did they get that kind of money?
what date was friday evening? 
Why did Price abruptly quit?
what does this stand for?
what had happened?
What was the reason for his sudden departure?
what are these shows about and how are they relevant to the topic?
When will that be?
what do these responsibilities include? 
who will take over ?
What was the nature of the conflict?
what are the conflicts? why would it make him leave ?
What types of conflicts were being experienced between the two company heads?
Why is it more costly in Toronto?
Where is the upstream natural-gas industry located?
What are the details of this company?
What types of decisions made in Calgary?
Why listen to their decisions?
Does TransCanada PipeLines produce gas itself or only provide the pipeline for transporting gas?
What kind of decisions are these?
Why was the market deregulated?
Why aren't they more well known?
How will moving headquarters help TransCanada form closer relationships with the natural gas producers?
What are the details of this?
Why not expand to other regions?
Are other companies trying to compete with TransCanada for a share of this business?
What is around Alberta for people who do not know this area?
Where is Canadian gas exported to?
Are these hot spots for their business?
What is contained in the envelope?
Why are the eyes pleading?
How could the mind be wasted?
What programs are being cut by this act?
What is this?
What does this mean?
What are the Gramm-Rudman cuts?
Why is the sitcom struggling to gain a following?
What sort of criteria were being implemented?
What is the criteria?
What will the restructuring involve?
What in terms of numbers makes this a trend?
whose high-mindedness and self-interest? what does this phrase mean in this context?
How rampant are these in the media?
What are the many trees in the entertainment industry?
What are the other wave of political activism in Hollywood?
Meaning getting rid of cable?
Why is raw sensationalism so popular?
"What kind of programs are they meaning; block buster movies, television series?"
What should be put together?
What made this better than the rest?
What was this film?
Why was Wall Street hesitant to use computers to trade?
"Why did Wall Street decide to \""retreat\"" from computer-driven program trading?"
Why was there such public outcry at the time?
Who are they in addition to?
Why would they decide to suspend trading for their own accounts?
How does it lead to large swings in the market?
"Are \""stock-market swings\"" considered bad?"
Is this custom?
"What do the words \""stock market volatility\"" mean exactly?"
Is this considered a good thing?
Why was the company in line to be taken over?
Why were they a potential takeover target? 
Which Dutch company sought U.S approval to buy up shares?
what do they do?
What will the stock buyback lead to?
What is a poison-pill plan? 
Why is it describe as a poison-pill plan?
what is this?
what are those?
What is Unicorp Canada?
Why would Unicorp Canada disclosed its stake of Nashua?
Why did takeover speculation cause the stock to fluctuate? 
Why does this trend not continue after the initial phase?
Why is this a recent trend?
Why were rates for insurance coming down?
How much more affordable the rates for employee-health insurance?
Why is it considered a nightmare?
What is the nightmare?
What constitutes a major claim?
What are the major claims of employees?
How did they develop a herniated disc?
Why is it possible that they could lose their job?
Who is it?
Why was the company going through so many executives?
what is their name?
Why was he let go?
why is he gone?
did he get fired?
What other interests?
What sort of other businesses was Mr. Corr involved with?
was there an interview?
"Why doesn't he want to answer or comment other than \""pursue other interests\""?"
where is he now?
Why did he come back to reclaim the job?
Why is Ratners Group PLC agreed to acquire jewellery retailer Weisfield's Inc.?
What is over-the-counter trading?
What made this company desirable for acquisition?
Why did they sell their company?
Why is the principle for the acquisition of Weisfields's by Sterling Inc. instead of Ratners?
What does this mean for Weisfield's Inc?
What would be the terms of the agreement?
And then how long until the transition is completed?
What are some general outcomes to come out of the transaction for each party?
What kind of companies are these?
Why was the acquisition taking place?
Why did they offer to acquire?
Where is this company located and what is its' worth?
Why are they considering making a bid?
What is the meaning of concern in the context of paper products?
How many attempts were made at reaching Nekoosa exectutives?
Where is the analyst from?
What is a period of industry consolidation?
How long would this period of industry consoladition last?
How are the companies' lines complementary?
What are the names of the companies?
How long have they been accused?
Been accused of what?
Been accused by whom?
Where exactly has he taken it?
How has Fujitsu done this?
What do they make?
What makes them the biggest maker?
How much did they undercut them by?
What mapping system?
How much is one yen worth?
Why was the bid so low?
Why did they do that? How does that help them?
Why was this caused?
Why was it considered not socially acceptable?
Why wasn't the move seen as acceptable?
So did they not use common sense when making the bid?
What rights are included under these terms?
What sort of rights issue was the company announcing at this time?
Why did Hudson's Bay Co. announced terms of a previously rights issue?
How will these terms raise their net of expenses?
Why is the company in trouble?
What are 'preferred' shares?
How is debt defined as short-term?
Why does the company have short-term debt?
Why are residents in the U.S. and Britain excluded from these terms?
How will the share holders residing in the U.S. and Britain subscribe additional shares?
"Will this all be finished by then, or is it slow to roll out?"
Are outstanding shares available for purchase?
Which shares are not ordinary?
What led to such poor performance?
How did it grow if the trade performance was so low?
Why did the economy grow despite the bad trade performance?
Why were so many cars bought?
Why was there a burst of automobiles being bought?
Why are people suddenly buying more cars?
Why are more automobiles being bought?
Why was trade slipping?
What has caused this deterioration 
Why is trade declining?
Why were companies not exporting in comparison to their imports?
Why were imports so high but very low exports?
"Why are imports doing so much better than exports, what has changed?"
Why have exports fallen off?
What were they thinking would be the future outcome of these figures?
Why? That sounds a bit dramatic.
Why do economists find these conditions ominous?
Why was it slightly adapted?
What was the topic of the remarks?
Why were he struck by drug interdiction effort in Bahamas?
What sort of effort was being undertaken?
What is unique about the drug-interdiction effort that caught his attention?
How did they intercepted an estimated $5 billion street value cocaine?
How much in weight does this equal?
Which organization does 'we' refer to?
Why didn't you know?
What is a rough estimate of the amount that got through?
Why was there no credible estimate?
Why is this the case?
Why were the projects taken through other means?
"If it's discretionary, what makes it scandalous?"
Who were involved in utilizing the discretionary fund?
why does he want to abolish it?
What are some other options for dealing with the slush fund?
Why would it be mismanaged?
What are some examples of scandals?
Which members of congress pushed for this?
Why does Norwood Partners Limited Partnership of Boston wants to make a tender offer for some or all of Phoenix Technologies Ltd.'s common shares?
Why was the Boston company wanting to take over Phoenix Tech's shares?
What kind of technology does Phoenix Technologies Ltd. make?
Why did Norwood suffer substantial losses?
Why were the losses so large?
What factors contributed to these substantial losses?
Why has the stock been trading for under $4 recently?
Did this drop happen within the past two quarters?
What caused the share to go up by $1.125?
What is over-the-counter trading?
"Which part of a group does Norwood belong that holds 525, 546 common shares?"
What is the group being referred to here?
Why didn't the SEC have this ability in the past?
Why can they be shit in periods of crisis?
On what date did he say this?
What period of crisis is this particularly in regards to?
Why was the Chairman leery of having such authority?
How does this ability take shape? How is this power granted?
Why does he not want the ability to halt the market?
When was this testimony?
Why is the power discrete?
When did he contend this?
Why could it have this impact on markets?
Why does the President have the power instead of the Chairman?
Which types of emergencies? Why during an emergency?
"How does he know this, and where is this said?"
How is this stress measured? 
When did he argue this?
Who is the IMA Holdings Corp.?
Why all this debt?
Why was there 1.4 billion in debt?
Why does the price include the debt?
Is this sentence saying that Harry Gray Melvyn Klein & Partners helped make up the groups of IMA?
Who are these 5 others?
How were they chosen? 
Who are these people and why were they chosen?
What did these twists and turns entail?
What other twists and turns did the agreement include? 
What were the twists and turns?
Why do they want to move?
Why was the move taking place?
Why does Exxon Corp. want to move its headquarters from Manhattan to Dallas?
Why are they moving their headquarters?
Why were they unaware of such an important fact?
Why were workers left in the dark on the plan?
Why were headquarters' employees unaware of Exxon Corp.'s plan to relocate?
Why would they keep their employees in the dark about this?
Does Exxon Corp. plan to relocate Manhattan employees to Dallas?
How do they know this wouldn't impact operations?
What other plans for restructuring does Exxon have?
Why did the company need to restructure?
Why were other companies departing the large buildings in NYC?
Why are other major companies pulling out of New York City?
What is causing such high rates of vacancies?
What were the main causes of this slump?
What is the case of Columbia Savings & Loan?
What are the causes of the slump in the junk-bond market?
What did the case of Columbia Savings and Loan involve?
Why such a large loss in just a single quarter?
What caused the loss?
Why were junk bonds one of the only areas thrift banks could profit in?
What is an example of artificially increased?
How did it eliminate one of the few profitable investments thrifts made?
How did Congress eliminate the profitable investment?
What is the ironic twist of the loss?
What is the grimly ironic twist to the Columbia loss?
What is the ironic twist?
"How, if at all will they be compensated for doing this?"
Why is the division struggling to keep up?
What types of products does BethForge make?
Why has that division faced such difficulties?
What was the main culprit behind the operation's losses?
Who would this venture turn the operating losses around?
What are press-forge operations?
what is that?
How will they need to increase or decrease staff?
is that a large number?
Who is the nation's No. 1 steelmaker?
have other big steel companies joined forces?
Which chip was considered Intel's most powerful at this time?
Why do these problems only affect certain makers?
What is the flaws of Intel's Corp.'s most powerful chip?
"Why are the \""bugs\"" expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers?"
What are the flaws?
What were the defects found in the 486 at this time?
What is Intel doing to fix it?
How can they say the defects don't affect average user?
Would the defects affect the intermediate or expert users?
Who is the customer that discovered two flaws in 80486 microprocessor chip?
What are the two flaws discovered?
What types of calculations were causing errors in the FPU?
What types of mathematical calculations were affected?
How common are they?
How can bugs be a normal part of product development?
Why would they say mathematical flaws won't affect users?
How can the government prevent defendants with money from paying their legal bills?
How can prevention of paying legal bills be powerful?
Is there an opportunity for white-collar defendants to get around this new tool and continue to pay their lawyers?
Can the government specifically target money for legal fees in a seizure?
Why is Eddie Antar be indicted?
Which decisions by the SCOTUS were concerning these types of white-collar actions?
What were the two decisions made by the Supreme Court in June?
what were they?
What was the prevailing thinking before these decisions?
Why is the company needing a restructuring?
Why is this needed?
Why were bank lenders pressuring Qintex Australia Ltd?
What sort of harsh actions could take place for this company?
What are some examples of harsher actions?
What type of licensing rules does Australia have for media companies?
What are the specifics of these license rules?
By how much could this lead to a depreciation of the value of the company?
What other companies had been advised by Peat Marwick's unit?
What was causing the slow sales?
"When is this Monday, what day of the year?"
How slow are these sales?
What are the implications of this affecting so many workers?
Are these three cars the only model that this plant builds?
"What types of models, all GM models?"
How will they be affected?
Why was this taking place?
Fourth quarter of what?
Which subsidiary was undergoing refinancing?
Who is the cable programmer?
What charge?
Were these stocks in the cable company?
What does this mean?
What is behind the drop in shipbuilding?
What caused the collapse?
What caused this collapse of the Finnish shipbuilding industry?
which week was it?
Who are Waertsilae Marine Oy's main customers? Has the number of projects declined?
world war 2 they mean?
Why had they stayed so profitable for so long after other nations had lost their ability to do so?
What caused the collapse of the rivals
Had the lack of profitability been sudden or did it occur over time?
Is Waertsilae Marine the last of Finland's still operating shipyards?
is there reputation positive?
Is Waertsilae Marine still working on this backlog of orders?
whose story?
who is writing this?
"Who is \""your\"" refering to?"
What is the topic of this story?
who is we?
"Who is \""we\"" referring to?"
What types of opportunities is the narrator referring to in St. Louis County?
who is our?
"What's considered sparse (e.g. 200, 2000 or 20,000)? "
How long did the writer spend in small communities?
Which issues were filed?
which issues?
What is the difference between debt securities and equity securities?
What sort of debt did Anheuser have?
what are debt securities?
What happens in a shelf offering?
How many different types of shares can a company offer?
what is this term exactly?
who? people in general? cat owners? a specific group of people?
How does this keep a person with a cat?
Why do we need to be devoted to our felines?
What was the study looking at trying to confirm?
What have cat owners long known?
Why are cats so uncaring about what is being said?
How can cats understand what we say?
What mechanisms are at play with cats to make them able to discern these voices?
How are cats able to recognize their owners' voices from those of strangers?
How can they recognise those voices?
How did this test take form?
Why are moonlit beaches considered romantic?
What does the tide have to do with a horsehoe crab?
What type of coast do they prefer?
How do the crabs protect their eggs?
Why was there such a decrease?
What did their numbers fall?
why was this?
What sort of toxins does the crab blood screen for?
Is their blood really blue or is this a figure of speech?
What types of toxins are screened with crab blood?
Who are the Monuments Men?
What is the 'it' being referred to?
What are these stolen arts?
How did they recover and restore these digital images?
What were the images of?
Why was it a technological sleuthing?
Who spearheaded the project?
Why did they include some of the images?
Did the images contain never-before-seen artworks?
How popular is Warhol?
How were these computers used to make art?
Who will decide whether or not to release these images?
Why were these most iconic images not released?
Why might some of these images stay under wraps?
How are the authorities causing farming and fisheries to struggle?
Accidentally or purposely?
How are California water authorities causing this damage?
Why are they killing salmon and destroying farming?
How is the water authority responsible for an increase in crime?
How are CA water authorities raising the crime rate?
What does the crime rate have to do with killing salmon an destroying farming?
When was the last time California received so little water during the winter?
Are these comments from the general public?
How severe is the drought in California?
What individuals or groups are leaving the comments?
How can the limited water supply best be managed?
What is their position in regards to the half-empty reservoirs?
Why are farmers receiving no water at all?
What are farmers who do not receive water supposed to do to survive?
How much water is Azhderian advocating on behalf of the farmers?
Why did he expect such criticism?
Why did the professor expect criticism?
Why did he expect criticism for taking the students to visit the site of Auschwitz?
Why was there an uproar?
Why was there an uproar?
Why would the visit be considered treason?
What about this visit would qualify as treason?
"Why are there Palestinian critics? In other words, what is it about Palestine that makes people be considered critics?"
how and why?
"How would taking a vacation abroad help this situation, if he would still be returning when the vacation is over?"
"What did they mean by propaganda, in this case?"
What is this?
What was the production company doing at the landfill?
"Why were hundreds of Atari \""E.T.\"" dumped in the landfill?"
Why were so many buried in the landfill?
Which video game is this?
Why was the game so terrible?
Why was the game seen as so bad?
E.T. the movie?
Is this site the one in Mexico?
Why are they digging at the site?
what is this?
Is this some conspiracy or something?
"When did Atari release \""E.T.\""?"
Why were so many thrown out at this one site?
Why were there so few?
Recovery done by who?
How long is the plan?
Why is it so rare for endangered animals to find their way off the list?
How did the man's smartphone get him in trouble?
What was this California man accused of doing?
who are they?
How could the police search the man's phone without a warrant?
Does this seem like an invasion of privacy?
what is the meaning of this word?
Why is it quintessential?
What was he busted for?
What was the result of this deliberation?
Mostly cell phones - right?
What other Amendments have had to be clarified to fit in to 21st-century problems?
What is the underdog of U.S. currency? 
Which greenback?
What is greenback currency?
Why does the $2 bill only make up 3 percent of money in circulation?
Why is the $2 bill so uncommon?
How is it going to get time in the limelight?
Who is Delray Beach and why does he matter?
Why are $2 bills seen as so much more desirable?
What magic are they referring to?
Why is everyone so curious about it?
Why do they feel everyone would be curious about this?
Was the documentary ever finished?
